Search
Today
Games
Apps
Arcade
Categories
Categories
Photo & Video
Health & Fitness
Productivity
Entertainment
Action
Adventure
Puzzle
Indie
Platform
iPhone
iPad
Mac
Vision
Watch
TV
Facebook

Connection starts here

Free · In‑App Purchases

29M RATINGS
4.5
AGE RATING
13+
In-App Controls
CHART
#4
Social Networking
DEVELOPER
Meta Platforms, Inc.
LANGUAGE
EN
+ 31 More
SIZE
507.1
MB
iPhone, iPad, Apple TV

Where real people propel your curiosity. Whether you’re thrifting gear, showing reels to that group who gets it, or sharing laughs over fun images reimagined by AI, Facebook helps you make things happen like no other social network.

Explore and expand your interests:
* Shop Marketplace for hidden gems and take your hobbies to the next level
* Personalize your Feed to see more of what you like, less of what you don’t
* Ask Meta AI for information and get answers instantly
* Drive into reels that reflect the things you're interested in
* Search Facebook on any topic and get more interactive results

Connect with people and communities:
* Join groups to learn tips from real people who’ve been there, done that
* Get inspired by creators, or catch up with Friends
* Add new Friends to your world, but also decide how closely to keep up with them
* Privately message relatable posts that only your BFF will get or that reels trend everyone’s talking about

Share your world:
* Use generative AI to create custom stickers and images to delight friends
* Customize your profile to choose how you show up and who sees your posts
* Effortlessly create reels from trending templates, or showcase your creativity with a full suite of editing tools
* Capture moments on the fly with stories

Some features may not be available in your country or region.

Terms & Policies: https://www.facebook.com/policies_center
Privacy Policy: https://www.facebook.com/privacy

Learn how we're working to help keep our communities safe across Meta technologies at the Meta Safety Center: https://about.meta.com/actions/safety
more

Ratings & Reviews
4.5
out of 5
29M Ratings
Poor customer service
08/12/2024
ASOTM

This is the first time I've ever gotten to write Facebook, but I'm glad I've gotten my chance. I am giving them one star if I could give them no star I would. My Facebook accounts and Instagram account were stolen and hacked on March 19 of 2023 I had to create new pages on Facebook and Instagram. I have yet to get my pages back. These hackers went into my accounts changed all my phone numbers email addresses and started posting Grant scams. I have told numerous people that know me that when this comes up to reported as fraud that this is my account is being used as someone else Facebook has not contacted me one time. I've sent them several emails about this trying to get my old account back because one my dad I am his legacy that is the only way that I can get to his account and control his account. I can't even add him to my account now because he's no longer with us. And to make it even worse, I have had to. I have had my new page Facebook suspended for a day or two to verify it was me yet and still my old pages are sitting up there that were met verified and these people just control my page I couldn't even change my picture without having to go through Met so I am not sure why they will not address my concerns and get me my old page back because it has lots memories pictures and like I said, my dad's legacy was left to me on that. I can't even look at his page or control his page or even add his page to my new page. Facebook contact me, I am a subscriber

more
Let’s get it right and focus on being more humble about your opinion to others
12/16/2023
Justdoin IT

Facebook do you wanna know my opinion about Facebook or I’m gonna put it like this sometimes they judge opinions of that person thought before they can figure out what they’re trying to say because of the particular words they use by feeling their being vulgar but you have to be smarter than your circle or your square to understand the meaning of language before you cut someone short, open my broad your mind educate yourself a little bit more just because you have the opportunity to have that job position. Don’t make it necessary. You’re always right with your opinion and for someone has to be valid or to prove themselves is up to you to be on point about your judgment, the human language and the words have so many different and if you’re not grown up enough to realize the human language has several different meaning without judging to the horses decision, three ample warnings or four by letting a person visualize how they’re using that word I messed this all up it’s all mixed up, but I hope you get my point and have a happy Thanksgiving and I said have a happy Thanksgiving. Have a happy, merry Christmas meanings so you shouldn’t just shut people down or turn them off because you feel you’re a God and controlling this position you ask I’m telling you directly my experience. I’m not a rude person, and I don’t mean any harm to anyone. have a happy, merry Christmas and stay safe. Don’t be so much in a hurry to judge.

more
My longevity on Facebook!
12/22/2023
“POLLY”

I join facebook in the early days somewhere around 2006–2008, not absolutely sure because I’ve had several mishappes. First FB page was taken down due to another person hacked my page and was posting obscene, marterial among other prohibited materials as I was told. I couldn’t see the page that the FB administrators and my friends saw. A family member showed me what my page looked like to the public. I was so embarrassed I contacted FB administrators and pleaded with them asking them to plkease don’t remove the page allow me one more shance to fix my legit page but they just said they had watn me move than once to stopping the obscene and other illegal items to the page. I excepted their decision and never saw my page (versie J Bly). I didn’t post to facebook for quite some time. After awhile I resumed posting with the name (Vercil Bly) . Everything was fine until early 2011 when my new page suddenly was invisible. Again FB administration said I was to blame and the couldn’t repost my FB page. I was lost done didn’t want anything to do with FB, until a friend told me how much it had changed and that I should us a new name and re build my friends list and my page period. And that’s where I live anothet day as V. J. bly so if you have experience something like I have or know some else who has, please be kind and if you were a friend reachout and become a friend again!Thanks FB fir all the hurt as well as the data you remove. Pics that I will never see again . My review of FB over the years 07 -23!!!!!

more
The sweetest things in life
12/20/2023
Love you honey lol my heart

I’m next to the river where you’ve been always be so happy watching the water run down. It’s so beautiful notice like lots of pretty ducks, mom and duck to baby girl and a guy duck and they’re just going around each other playing in the water playing in the waterfall, nearest screwing across the dream, rabbits are really nice and come across the stream to the other side little beach there a little cabin up there the cabin should say they walk up into their mama. Duck is making her breakfast and the daddy duck says. Oh thank you mama duck fish well welcome. Did you have a good swim with the boys and girls? Yeah, she said, well that was nice. Did you enjoy yourself bro yeah very much. The sun was starting to shine shine on their face! Is that right? That’s too big of the house for me and my family to have a house there for us and we need to have a lot to look after and we have a lot more money to pay for the kids and the house and we have a lot going to need a new one for us to live there in the house and then I can just buy a house there in a little less money and then you can just buy another house there in my name and then I have to have a lot more stuff to do that I can just pay for my car and I can get a new place for my own house and I can just go to the store and get a new car for the kids and get a new job and get my money back on the same place that you can get the money to pay the bills I have to pay my rent to get the money to get a new vehicle and then I can pay you back in the bank

more
What’s New

Our teams have solved many crashes, fixed issues you’ve reported and made the app faster.

Version 580.0.0
Sep 23
App Privacy

The developer, Meta Platforms, Inc., indicated that the app’s privacy practices may include handling of data as described below. For more information, see the developer’s privacy policy .

Data Used to Track You

The following data may be used to track you across apps and websites owned by other companies:

Contact Info
Identifiers
Other Data
Data Linked to You

The following data may be collected and linked to your identity:

Health & Fitness
Purchases
Financial Info
Location
Contact Info
Contacts
User Content
Search History
Browsing History
Identifiers
Usage Data
Sensitive Info
Diagnostics
Other Data

Privacy practices may vary, for example, based on the features you use or your age. Learn More

Accessibility

The developer has not yet indicated which accessibility features this app supports. Learn More

Information
Seller
Meta Platforms, Inc.
Size
507.1 MB
Category
Social Networking
Compatibility
Requires iOS 15.1 or later.
Languages
English and 31 more
Age Rating
13+
In-App Purchases
Yes
Copyright
© 2023 Meta
Developer Website
Privacy Policy
License Agreement
Supports
Wallet

The simplest way to get all your passes in one place.

More by Meta Platforms, Inc.
View
Messenger
Text, audio and video calls
View
Muse from Meta
Your personal AI agent
View
Meta Business Suite
Business
View
Meta Horizon
Step Into Endless Experiences
View
Messenger Kids
The Messaging App for Kids
View
Meta AI
Your personal AI assistant
View
Meta Ads Manager
Formerly Facebook Ads Manager
View
Workplace from Meta
Business
View
Forum, a Facebook app
Dedicated space for groups
View
Facebook Creator Studio
Daily tips to grow & engage
View
Seller, a Facebook app
All your selling in one place.
View
Meta Viewpoints
Complete tasks & surveys
View
Pocket: Make Gizmos
A new creative platform
You Might Also Like
View
WhatsApp Messenger
Simple. Reliable. Private.
View
Rakuten Viber Messenger
Message with Confidence
View
Telegram Messenger
Fast. Secure. Powerful.
View
Threads
Join the conversation
View
SaveTk - Save Videos
Video & Photo, Story Saver
View
Tumblr: Social Media & Art
Snap, Blog, Build Your Scene
View
BeReal: Photos & Friends Daily
Share real moments, no filters
View
sendit - get it now
for the culture
View
Grindr - Gay Dating & Chat
Meet & Date Local LGBTQ People
View
Clapper: Video, Live, Chat
Community beyond content
United States
Español (México)
العربية
Русский
简体中文
Français (France)
한국어
Português (Brazil)
Tiếng Việt
繁體中文 (台灣)

Copyright © 2026 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.

Internet Service Terms
App Store & Privacy
Cookie Warning
Support