#META {"len": 12317, "status": 0, "err": ""}
#TX 0x6800e7b592ea2939cef9bb772cd82f15f93e7dadc1c432b3c699caa7e89e1bb1
Search
Today
Games
Apps
Arcade
Categories
Categories
Photo & Video
Health & Fitness
Productivity
Entertainment
Action
Adventure
Puzzle
Indie
Platform
iPhone
iPad
Mac
Vision
Watch
TV
Spotify: Music and Podcasts

Songs, Playlists & Audiobooks

Free

42M RATINGS
4.8
AGE RATING
13+
In-App Controls
CHART
#1
Music
DEVELOPER
Spotify
LANGUAGE
EN
+ 62 More
SIZE
311.3
MB
iPhone, iPad, Apple TV, Apple Watch

With the Spotify app, you can explore an extensive library of music and podcasts for free. Curate the best playlists and stream millions of free songs, albums, and original podcasts on your phone or tablet. Subscribe to Spotify Premium to download and listen offline wherever you are, and unlock our catalog of audiobooks.

Why choose Spotify as your go-to music and podcast app? Here, you can:
• Listen to over 100 million songs and 6 million podcast titles
• Explore our selection of specially-crafted artist playlists
• Easily search for your favorite songs, albums, artists, and podcasts
• Discover personalized music recommendations tailored to your unique taste
• Subscribe to your favorite free podcasts so you never miss an episode, and even curate your own podcast library

Spotify Free is more than a music player - find the sounds you love and stream music and podcasts online, for free. Enjoy personalized playlists or curate and share your own, discover the hottest new releases, explore upcoming events from your favorites, and more.

• Stream millions of free songs and podcasts
• Create playlists with your favorite music
• Share songs and playlists with friends and family (feature restrictions may apply in some regions)
• Discover personalized playlists made just for you, and collaborate on playlists with your friends
• Enjoy your personal Discover Weekly playlist every week
• Stay in the know with the Release Radar and New Music Friday playlists
• Find nearby events and gigs by your favorite artists
• See your most played songs, genres, artists, and more with yearly Spotify Wrapped
• Stream music across your devices with Spotify
• Use Spotify Connect and enjoy listening on smart speakers, desktop, laptop, smart TV, Chromecast, PlayStation®, Xbox®, smartwatch, in your car, and more - limited number of device models apply

Spotify Premium - a great way to enjoy the benefits of an offline music player, and stream music without WiFi. By pressing download, you can access your songs, playlists, podcasts, and audiobooks offline, wherever you are.
• Listen to music, podcasts, and audiobooks - all in one place
• Ad-free music listening: enjoy your music with no ad interruptions
• Enjoy full on-demand playback
• Audiobooks in Premium are currently available in the US, UK, Australia, Ireland, New Zealand, and Canada. Discover 250,000+ audiobook titles with 15 hours/month of available listening for Premium Individual subscribers and Duo & Family plan managers.
• Superior sound quality on supported devices
• AI DJ: a personalized guide that knows your music taste so well it can choose what to play for you
• Enjoy on desktop, phone, tablet, computer, smartwatch, and in your car
• Listen and control the listening session together by hosting a Jam in real time with friends
• Download songs, podcasts, and audiobooks for offline listening, without an internet connection
• No contract required - cancel your subscription whenever you want

Spotify lets you play music wherever you are. Listen to your favorite songs and discover new music, podcasts, and audiobooks with the Spotify app!

LOVE SPOTIFY?
Follow us on Instagram: https://www.instagram.com/spotify
Follow us on TikTok: https://www.tiktok.com/@spotify
more

Ratings & Reviews
4.8
out of 5
42M Ratings
Favorite app ever
11/26/2024
l.lacx

I personally love this app. I have had it for over 4 years, and it’s been an app I use daily. If you are thinking about getting it, for sure get the Premium plan, no ads, endless skipping of songs, shuffle play, and a good amount of more things. One thing I will say is frustrating is the constant change of the like button to songs, they removed the heart for whatever reason and with that they made adding a song to a playlist but not your liked songs a lot harder, with a drop down feature you have to scroll down to find the playlist you want. I will say that I love that you can get to choose if you want your playlists public or not because let's be honest some playlists do not need to see the light of day but can still be enjoyed in peace. I also like what they did with the front page, being able to just swipe right to click onto our profile and access our settings much easier. My most favorite feature that might not be new but I did just discover, is on that same page where we access the settings and our profile there is this “Recents” tab where you can go and see all of the songs you’ve listened to and the amount of times I’ve used it to find a song I liked in someone else's playlist, or a podcast episode I was listening to but didn’t save, my lord I love that feature so much. But overall it’s a really good app and something that if you get it, it will be used in your daily life if you are a fanatic music listener.

more
Stop changing the queue!!!!!
12/29/2022
I_am_theSquirrel

Stop changing the way the queue works every single time I use this app! I swear Im this close to subscribing to apple music 👌. Just let me keep the option to play my liked songs randomly or not. Also why did I suddenly lose the option to play my liked songs based on genre?! You guys are killing me with the constant changes. Heres what the people want! To be able to play my liked songs randomly or in or order!!! I like the option sometimes! I also still want to be able to sort my liked songs by genre. Why did that suddenly go away!? I used to like the way you could channel what you want based your mood ‘like “happy”’ and whatnot but whatever, I could deal with the changes you made for whatever reason. Can you please stop changing the way liked songs work every single time I use this app!!!! Its so frustrating when I cant play my liked songs randomly all of a sudden and now I cant play my liked based on genre. FOR WHAT REASON!!!!! Stop making stupid changes all the time! You’re pushing your people to apple music, I swear. I have subscriptions to you both but I still dont want to start using them over you, but I will. All I ask for is some consistency!! I want to be able to play my liked songs by genre, and I want to be able to consistently play my liked songs randomly or in order. I dont know why you change these all the time but you are really pushing to start using apple music or even soundcloud. Keep the consistent good features, and stop changing for the worse all the time!

more
Please go back
11/13/2020
Emanjeudy

I love the app but not so much the new update. Please give us a retro date. Also the option to go to your liked songs library and not all your playlist with out liked songs as a playlist. To add whenever I like a album the songs do not save, I have to like each song individually for it to save to my library, or “liked songs playlist”. Whenever I click on the artist it only shows me the artist I follow and then artist suggestions based on music I like. Please just go back to when we click on artist it shows us all artist that we have saved in our library. Or simply JUST A RETRO-DATE FROM AROUND LIKE 2016 please. And the hearts next to the liked songs make no sense when we already know that they are liked songs. You can easily click on it by accident and not remember what song you deleted. The queue should show what songs you recently listened to. Not saying it should show every last song you listened to but at leas like the last 20, just a suggestion to make the app better. Lastly theres only alphabetical quick scroll on our liked songs “playlist”, which should just be a music library as stated before. We need alphabetical quick scroll in all playlist, or at least the ones we decide to put in alphabetical order. Also you should add back the “skip song” when adding an album to a playlist with a song from the album already in it. We only have the option of canceling adding the album to the playlist or just hit add anyway. When will people behind apps realize theres never a need for a unnecessary update.

more
Stuff YOU GUYS NEED TO FIX RIGHT AWAT
Jan 12
Stuff the app needs to fix

ok ima say this the nicest I can, yes I am young, but mature for my age, and talk like a grown adult. I have realized that on my iPad and my Xbox that I have you can choose your music, and you can have as many skips you don't have to wait an hour just to use six skips on your phone just to listen to the song you love. On my phones I have to wait an hour just because I skip six songs to find either a song I like or a song that I don't even know so then I stop listening to music because of that problem you guys have, like either do the same for consoles and iPad or don't make phone have to buy premium just to listen as much music as we want. You guys can just advertise your "premium" thing not make people with phone have to buy it to listen to their favorite songs in a row. Also, fix your shuffle thing on iPads and consoles you have a choice, on phones you do t have one, like I said you HAVE to buy your guy's "premium" thing. Last thing fix where you have a limited choice of music. Not everyone wants, actually probably nobody wants a limit on what music they can choose until they can't and the app decides for them. They probably want an app where they don't have to wait a day to listen to music of their choice without the app choosing for them just for the same thing to happen again. Now I insist you try being like Apple Music so then you can get more phone people to listen on your website or don't fix anything and lose customers, like how you are about to lose me as one if you don't FIX EVERYTHING I SAID IN THIS PARAGRAPH. Now thank you for reading this.

more
What’s New

We’re always making changes and improvements to Spotify. To make sure you don’t miss a thing, just keep your Updates turned on.

Version 9.1.86
6d ago
App Privacy

The developer, Spotify, indicated that the app’s privacy practices may include handling of data as described below. For more information, see the developer’s privacy policy .

Data Used to Track You

The following data may be used to track you across apps and websites owned by other companies:

Contact Info
Identifiers
Usage Data
Data Linked to You

The following data may be collected and linked to your identity:

Health & Fitness
Purchases
Financial Info
Location
Contact Info
Contacts
User Content
Search History
Identifiers
Usage Data
Diagnostics
Other Data

Privacy practices may vary, for example, based on the features you use or your age. Learn More

Accessibility

The developer has not yet indicated which accessibility features this app supports. Learn More

Information
Seller
Spotify
Size
311.3 MB
Category
Music
Compatibility
Requires iOS 16.1 or later.
Languages
English and 62 more
Age Rating
13+
Copyright
© 2008–2026 Spotify Ltd.
Developer Website
Privacy Policy
Supports
Siri

Use this app with Siri to help you get things done.

SharePlay

Share experiences in this app with friends and family right inside FaceTime or Messages.

More by Spotify
View
Spotify for Creators
Manage and grow your podcast
View
Spotify for Artists
Made for artists & their teams
View
Spotify Kids
Music for kids
You Might Also Like
View
TREBEL Music - Download Songs
AI, Offline Music & Mp3 Player
View
SoundCloud: The Music You Love
Discover 500+ million songs
View
Music Downloader / MP3 Player
Music Player, Download Songs
View
YouTube Music
Music world dedicated to you
View
Demus: Easy Music Streaming
Stream music without limits!
View
Trending Music Player
AI DJ, Cloud, Video, & Lyrics
View
Audiomack - Play Music Offline
Stream music & songs offline
View
Deezer: Music Player, Podcast
Download, stream songs offline
View
Palco MP3: Music and podcasts
Listen to and download music
View
Music Player ‣
Stream songs & offline music
United States
Español (México)
العربية
Русский
简体中文
Français (France)
한국어
Português (Brazil)
Tiếng Việt
繁體中文 (台灣)

Copyright © 2026 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.

Internet Service Terms
App Store & Privacy
Cookie Warning
Support