#META {"len": 9543, "status": 0, "err": ""}
#TX 0x08e9a65516d2d4531c7b5abc52b4aa00b18db3bfe509be3d79439f59b3107afd
Search
Today
Games
Apps
Arcade
Categories
Categories
Photo & Video
Health & Fitness
Productivity
Entertainment
Action
Adventure
Puzzle
Indie
Platform
iPhone
iPad
Mac
Vision
Watch
TV
Waze Navigation & Live Traffic

Avoid traffic, police, hazards

Free

3.2M RATINGS
4.8
AGE RATING
16+
Years
CHART
#2
Navigation
DEVELOPER
Waze Inc.
LANGUAGE
EN
+ 47 More
SIZE
234.5
MB
iPhone, iPad

Know what's ahead on the road with the help from other drivers. Waze is a live map that harnesses the local knowledge of tens of millions of drivers around the world. Drivers safely and confidently reach their everyday destinations thanks to Waze map’s GPS navigation, live traffic updates, real-time safety alerts (including construction, accidents, crashes, police, potholes, and more), and accurate ETAs.

Make your next drive more predictable and stress-free:
• Get there faster with real-time directions, accurate ETAs, and automatic rerouting based on live traffic, incidents, and road closures
• Even if you know the way, avoid surprises on the road ahead with safety alerts for accidents, crashes, construction, objects on the road, potholes, speed bumps, sharp curves, bad weather, emergency vehicles, railroad crossings, and more
• Steer clear of tickets by knowing where police and red light & speed cameras are located
• Share what’s happening on the road with other drivers by reporting live incidents and hazards
• Stay informed of upcoming speed limit changes, and keep your speedometer in check
• Know which lane to be in with multi-lane guidance
• See toll pricing and choose to avoid tolls along your routes
• Add road passes and vignettes for HOV lanes and restricted traffic zones
• Find gas / fuel stations & prices and EV charging stations along your route
• Locate and compare parking lots and their prices near your destination
• Use voice-guided turn-by-turn navigation from a variety of languages, local accents, and your favorite celebrities
• Plan your next drive by checking ETAs by future departure or arrival times
• Use your favorite audio apps (for podcasts, music, news, audiobooks) directly within Waze
• Sync Waze to your car’s built-in display through Apple CarPlay

* Some features are not available in all countries

* Waze navigation is not intended for emergency or oversized vehicles

You can manage your in-app Waze Privacy Settings at any time. Learn more about the Waze privacy policy here, www.waze.com/legal/privacy.
more

Ratings & Reviews
4.8
out of 5
3.2M Ratings
Editors’ Choice

People power meets the open road in this amazing navigation app. Waze’s crowd-sourced alerts come from real drivers, not algorithms, delivering info you won’t see anywhere else to keep your commute flowing. The friendly interface and convenient detour routing really help the app shine, and its social-network integration make road trips with buddies a blast.

more
Waze IS THE Ultimate Travel Companion!
02/10/2025
The Happy Critic

In this busy, crazy world, it is important to acknowledge good when you see it. I had to stop a moment, and leave a review on my favorite traveling app. I’ve been using Waze for years! As an avid traveler, I can't recommend Waze enough! This app has completely transformed the way I navigate during my trips. One of the standout features that I absolutely love is the ability to find food and gas stations directly along my route without needing to backtrack. When you're in a hurry or embarking on a long journey, having easy access to nearby amenities is invaluable. Waze shows you exactly how far these stops are from your path, ensuring that you can refuel both your vehicle and yourself with minimal detours. It's truly a game-changer! Also, the community aspect of Waze is phenomenal! The interactive network of fellow Wazers makes it a truly unique navigation experience. Users actively report speed traps, traffic conditions, and road hazards in real-time, keeping you informed and safe while on the road. I've found that Waze is often much more up-to-date than my other GPS maps, giving me confidence in the reliability of the information. That happens as a direct result of such an interactive community!!Waze not only has great efficiency and community spirit, but they truly make our long and short journeys smoother and more enjoyable. Whether you're running errands around town or embarking on a cross-country adventure, Waze is not only the best but also the perfect travel companion!

more
Not as good as it used to be
Jan 14
Surfingtulip

I used to LOVE Waze and told all my friends whenever the subject came up of what apps we use for getting directions. I used to say that it was the best app for and practically insist they’d be happier if they used Waze. I liked the fact that it kept telling me several turns that I was approaching the next turn so it was easier to follow. I found it, in many ways, easier to follow compared to other apps. But recently they changed that. If you’re on the highway it now tells you in miles or feet how long you have till your next exit. But it no longer shows you the ACTUAL EXIT NUMBER like it used to. If and when it does (usually when you’re really close to that exit) it no longer shows prominently. It’s all the way on the right corner and pretty tiny. I sit there driving cluelessly not knowing what exit I should be getting off at. I need to know the actual exit number way ahead of time so I can change lanes ahead of time. I have to keep my eyes on the phone screen instead of the road to keep watching the miles instead of searching more easily for the exit number based on the signs on the freeway. And then the exit number shows up eventually as I get closer to the exit I need to take. But again, I have to take my eyes off the road to search for the TINY exit number. Who came up with that idea and why is beyond me.

more
Developer Response

Hi there. We appreciate you taking the time to give us a suggestion to improve the Waze experience. We'd like to invite you to add that to the Waze suggestion box by copying and pasting this link: https://tinyurl.com/4auzrky3 in your web browser. Thank you.

more
Could use some adjustments
07/05/2024
Mamie1022q

I love Waze, it’s definitely my favorite navigation app, but there are a few issues. For one, when hooked to Apple play in my car, I cannot also view the map on my phone. When I’m navigating while my husband is driving and we have a destination set that he is headed to, it would be nice to be able to see the map on my phone if we need to make a quick stop or find a grocery store near by, since he still needs to see what’s going on on the car screen. It recently has been having a hard time calculating how many minutes off my route a place is so seeing it on the map without having to mess with the car screen and potentially cause us to miss an exit would be awesome. My next issue is my least favorite and has caused me to turn to other navigation alternatives. Sometimes when hooked to the Apple CarPlay, the app will fall behind. As in, it will show on the screen that my exit is in several miles when I just passed it. This is a huge area of frustration for my husband and he honestly hates using Waze for this reason. We usually have to force-close the app and then it will (sometimes) work properly. I know it’s not an issue with my phone because the other navigation apps work just fine when Waze starts to act up. Another adjustment I think would be awesome would be a feature that shows all the lanes on the road you’re on and allows you to quickly tap which lane a potential hazard is in. When there is an object on the road or a pot hole, it would be neat to be able to let other drivers know which lane to avoid.

more
What’s New

This version includes several bug fixes and performance improvements.

Version 5.24.5.1
3d ago
App Privacy

The developer, Waze Inc., indicated that the app’s privacy practices may include handling of data as described below. For more information, see the developer’s privacy policy .

Data Linked to You

The following data may be collected and linked to your identity:

Purchases
Financial Info
Location
Contact Info
User Content
Search History
Identifiers
Usage Data
Diagnostics
Other Data

Privacy practices may vary, for example, based on the features you use or your age. Learn More

Accessibility

The developer has not yet indicated which accessibility features this app supports. Learn More

Information
Seller
waze
Size
234.5 MB
Category
Navigation
Compatibility
Requires iOS 16.0 or later.
Location
This app may use your location even when it isn’t open, which can decrease device battery life.
Languages
English and 47 more
Age Rating
16+
Copyright
© Waze Inc.
Developer Website
Privacy Policy
You Might Also Like
View
Traffie Navigation & Traffic
Driving Radar Detector Police
View
Sygic GPS Navigation & Maps
Offline Maps, GPS & Traffic
View
Radarbot: Speed Camera GPS App
Radar traps, traffic & maps.
View
تطبيق النقل بلي كابتن
Travel
View
Google Maps
Places, navigation & traffic
View
Baly حجز تكسي،توصيل طعام | بلي
أسهل، أوفر، بَلي يمك
View
Spoke Route Planner
Multi-Stop Delivery Optimizer
View
Moovit: Bus & Transit Tracker
Metro Stop Finder, Train Times
View
Sindibad: Flights & Hotels
Easy Flight & hotel bookings
View
Uber - Rides, Eats, Hotels
Rideshare, taxi, delivery
United States
Español (México)
العربية
Русский
简体中文
Français (France)
한국어
Português (Brazil)
Tiếng Việt
繁體中文 (台灣)

Copyright © 2026 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.

Internet Service Terms
App Store & Privacy
Cookie Warning
Support