#META {"len": 10708, "status": 0, "err": ""}
#TX 0xb4134de7fd6618d0b2d84d19d711c60f67410dc579b204095f2c891e6f84837a
Search
Today
Games
Apps
Arcade
Categories
Categories
Photo & Video
Health & Fitness
Productivity
Entertainment
Action
Adventure
Puzzle
Indie
Platform
iPhone
iPad
Mac
Vision
Watch
TV
Threads

Join the conversation

Only for iPhone

Free · In‑App Purchases

2.3M RATINGS
4.6
AGE RATING
13+
In-App Controls
CHART
#1
Social Networking
DEVELOPER
Instagram, Inc.
LANGUAGE
EN
+ 30 More
SIZE
232.9
MB
iPhone

Discover new perspectives and connect through conversation on Threads.

See what people are talking about right now—from niche interests to big moments. With communities, you can find people who also care about your interests on Threads. Reply, listen, share or just follow along.

Here’s what you can do on Threads:

■ Start a thread, share your take
Have something on your mind? Take it to Threads. Share a thought, ask a question or open up a conversation. There’s more than one way to kick things off with text, images, polls, ghost posts and more.

■ Jump into replies
Jump into the discussion, react to new ideas or just see where the conversation goes. Every thread is an invitation to join in.

■ Keep up with what’s trending
From live scores to breaking moments, Threads helps you stay close to what’s happening —and join the conversation when you’ve got something to say.

■ Control the content you see
Control who can reply to you, mention you or see your posts. Use Hidden Words to filter out posts and replies that include words or phrases you don’t want to see—so your experience stays on your terms.

■ Go deep on your interests
Follow friends, creators and communities for every interest. Threads is built to help you discover new voices and join conversations—starting with the communities you care about most.

■ Connect over chat
Keep the conversation going privately with 1:1 and group DMs. When a public thread gets more personal, move it to your inbox to go deeper or share it with a smaller group.

Meta Terms: https://www.facebook.com/terms.php
Meta Privacy Policy: https://privacycenter.instagram.com/policy
Threads Supplemental Privacy Policy: https://help.instagram.com/515230437301944
Threads Supplemental Terms: https://help.instagram.com/769983657850450
Instagram Community Guidelines: https://help.instagram.com/477434105621119
Consumer Health Privacy Policy: https://privacycenter.instagram.com/policies/health

Learn how we're working to help keep our communities safe across Meta technologies at the Meta Safety Center: https://about.meta.com/actions/safety

more

Ratings & Reviews
4.6
out of 5
2.3M Ratings
“An unexpected surprise.”
11/19/2024
A worry mom..

My dear son David upgrade my Phone over the weekend. It was getting to old n I was having problems with it. So, I have been learning the new “techniques” n experimenting with it. I ran into TREAD’s so, I was able to sign into it n I’m having a ball with it!! The little histories, the games, etc. I usually don’t spend much time in the media, just time to talk with my children n a few friends n Nature. I love children, animals n flowers. They make me happy… I laugh.., sometimes cry… I wish I had the means to help so many children with needs as well as so many dogs n cats n horses.. even the most insignificant butterfly when I very carefully I was able to kind of fixed her broken wing.. So it was very interesting to know Elon a little better, to know, to learn, what a loving father he is. I want to take the opportunity to thank Mr. Musk, a BIG HUGE THANK YOU, for having taken the decision in helping dear President Donald J. Trump. What a loving boy he is, donating n dedicating so much of his busy time to the President in our behalf. For the good of this country n in a long run, for the world!! GOD BLESS HIM and his lovely family. I don’t know what would have been of this Nation if Mr. Trump would’ve been elect it. But thanks for the love, trust, wisdom n perseverance, not just of the smart people in his followers BUT for ALL the other like Elon that recognise the UNIQUE person, with that heart of gold that is Mr. D. Trump. I have been one of his must loyal followers since that famous day he n dear Mrs. Trump came down the scalates at the Trump Towers. So, finally once more, we got him into the WHITE HOUSE!! GOD BLESS AMERICA!!❤️🇺🇸

more
It’s the gateway to a pool of Hateful comments 🤦‍♀️
08/08/2025
Kaylanni <3

It’s like Twitter but worse. Just don’t get this app, what I’ve seen were just endless wars over republicans and democrats. And other than that, there’s literally grown people hating on oh I dunno… someone existing who happens to be posting on this app. (Using the app normally like any other platform) Except, what the hard headed haters were mad about was simply because of their identity or sexuality. (This is just harassment at this point because the person making the post isn’t doing any harm and is just existing. As a human. Like you. And then those dumb ahh hate comments are gonna be like- “oH, iT’s aDAm aND EvE, nOT AdAm AnD sTEve!!” Like, no Susan, not everyone in the entire world has the same beliefs as you and you shouldn’t feel so entitled to harass people for simply living their life. I’m sure what I just said could have easily made someone’s blood boil. But I don’t care because this is just simple common sense and it’s obviously not right to attack someone on the internet just because they’re DIFFERENT than you. That’s seriously no way to live. 😔🤧 Anyways, this app made me lose 70% of hope for human society. If you read this entire review, thank you. And if you’re planning to download threads completely unaware of the chaos it brings, DO NOT DOWNLOAD IT AT ALL. There are also dangerous creeps on the app and I just recommend you to not download this god awful app at all. Anyways, hope this helps! 😊

more
Concerns regarding safety
Jun 18
S.sophia.

I originally came from instagram, and when I saw threads being recommended I decided to give it a try. Firstly, the thing I see most on this app is so many kids. Like, yes, the app is supposed to be 13+ but I’ve seen 10 year olds (Maybe even younger) on this app treating it as if it’s a dating app. I know they’re trying to connect to people and become friends with people online, but when they ask for a boyfriend/girlfriend in their thread, it raises a little bit of concerns. Usually, people with the right sense of mind ignore the post. Some people comment on the thread and say inappropriate things, maybe they go as far as dming them and they build a relationship. These are kids. I see nobody talking about this. The audience is obviously for teenagers, but these are literal children on here asking for a relationship at the ripe age of 10.Don’t even get me started on when they post their faces or a full body video of themselves, and then they say to dm them or “bmf”. You’re a literal child who shouldn’t even own a phone at this age. Don’t get me wrong, everyone likes making online friends. Yet, there’s some weird people online who aren’t here to make friends. They’re just trying to find something more. I saw a fully grown adult man comment on a 10 year old’s post, and he talking about some “you look sexy”. That’s so weird and gross, I have never wanted to delete an app so quick. You have a lot of fixing to do because this is disgusting and utterly inappropriate for children to be on here.

more
Threads comments
Jan 9
Redflag#1968

I’m loving being able to post replies on X. I originally got the app so I could follow top ranking Republicans and see what they were exactly posting without the rules of Twitter. I’m an independent voter and I vote for who I think wants the best for the American people. We were formed as a country that was founded on governance by the people for the people as our Constitution says. What’s happening in the Government right now is the opposite of what was intended when this country was founded and it needs to stop! The only way to do that is for the people to band together and do what must be done to right the wrong that was made ASAP. We all need to write, call, and email all of our representatives and tell them what we want them to do and then hold them accountable for their actions! Trump and his appointees are decimating America and using lies, illegal tariffs, illegal border controls, and illegal military operations against American citizens and they need to be impeached immediately and then a new vote should be taken to ensure that the President is going to fix what previous President Trump has done to this country and abroad before the world joins together to eradicate the US!

more
What’s New

We’re working fast to regularly update our app. To experience the newest features and improvements, download the latest version of the app.

Version 449.0
1d ago
App Privacy

The developer, Instagram, Inc., indicated that the app’s privacy practices may include handling of data as described below. For more information, see the developer’s privacy policy .

Data Linked to You

The following data may be collected and linked to your identity:

Health & Fitness
Purchases
Financial Info
Location
Contact Info
Contacts
User Content
Search History
Browsing History
Identifiers
Usage Data
Sensitive Info
Diagnostics
Other Data

Privacy practices may vary, for example, based on the features you use or your age. Learn More

Accessibility

The developer has not yet indicated which accessibility features this app supports. Learn More

Information
Seller
Instagram, Inc.
Size
232.9 MB
Category
Social Networking
Compatibility
Requires iOS 16.3 or later.
Languages
English and 30 more
Age Rating
13+
In-App Purchases
Yes
Copyright
© 2024 Instagram, LLC.
Privacy Policy
Supports
Wallet

The simplest way to get all your passes in one place.

More by Instagram, Inc.
View
Instagram
Videos, creators & friends
View
Edits: Video Editor
Video maker from Instagram
View
Instants, an Instagram app
Send Disappearing Photos
You Might Also Like
View
Clapper: Video, Live, Chat
Community beyond content
View
Tumblr: Social Media & Art
Snap, Blog, Build Your Scene
View
Truth Social
Follow the Truth
View
Bluesky Social
Social that's actually social
View
BeReal: Photos & Friends Daily
Share real moments, no filters
View
Telegram Messenger
Fast. Secure. Powerful.
View
tellonym - ask me anything
get your link for insta & snap
View
SaveTk - Save Videos
Video & Photo, Story Saver
View
MeetMe: Go Live & Meet People
Watch Streams & Video Chat
View
TopLive: Watch Live Streams
Find creators you’ll enjoy
United States
Español (México)
العربية
Русский
简体中文
Français (France)
한국어
Português (Brazil)
Tiếng Việt
繁體中文 (台灣)

Copyright © 2026 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.

Internet Service Terms
App Store & Privacy
Cookie Warning
Support