#META {"len": 10872, "status": 0, "err": ""}
#TX 0x1faec926ee824dd0dad21142e83f2dccccdb6adeceb580c3450263797da28499
Search
Today
Games
Apps
Arcade
Categories
Categories
Photo & Video
Health & Fitness
Productivity
Entertainment
Action
Adventure
Puzzle
Indie
Platform
iPhone
iPad
Mac
Vision
Watch
TV
Airbnb

Homes, experiences, services

Free

703K RATINGS
4.8
AWARDS
Editors’ Choice
Apps
AGE RATING
4+
In-App Controls
CHART
#2
Travel
DEVELOPER
Airbnb, Inc.
LANGUAGE
EN
+ 53 More
SIZE
358.7
MB
iPhone, iPad, Apple TV

AIRBNB MORE THAN AN AIRBNB
The world is endlessly interesting and with Airbnb, you can explore it in more ways than ever. Find remarkable homes, unforgettable experiences, and incredible services all in one app. Get inspired, book, and go.

BOOK A HOME AND GO WHERE HOTELS CAN’T
Explore 8+ million vacation rentals in 240+ countries and regions to find the perfect stay for every kind of trip, whether you’re traveling alone or with a group. Use over 80 filtering options to find the amenities you want, like a pool, a kitchen, or accessibility features like step-free entry. View all the details of a place at a glance on the listing page and check out the ratings and reviews to see what other guests who’ve stayed there think about it, too.

DON’T JUST SEE A PLACE, EXPERIENCE IT
Find thousands of experiences around the world, hosted by locals who know their city best—all vetted for quality based on a host’s expertise, reputation, and authenticity. Uncover unique perspectives on landmarks and museums. Get a taste of local cuisine through cooking classes and food tours. Enjoy the great outdoors, an art workshop, a live performance, and much more. Plus, check out Airbnb Originals—extraordinary experiences hosted by the world’s most interesting people, designed exclusively for Airbnb.

MAKE YOUR STAY EVEN MORE SPECIAL WITH INCREDIBLE SERVICES
Make the most of your stay by booking incredible services right at your Airbnb, like private chefs, photography, catering, prepared meals, hair styling, nail treatments, makeup, massages, personal training, and spa treatments—each offered by experienced service hosts who have been vetted for quality. You can book thousands of professional services at nearly every price, all in one app, all over the world. Best of all, you don’t need to stay at an Airbnb or even be on a trip to get these services. Schedule a blowout, training session, and more right at home.

GET A TRAVEL APP THAT TRAVELS WITH YOU
After you book a home, you’ll get personalized recommendations on the homepage suggesting services and experiences for your trip, tailored to where you’re staying and who you’re traveling with. And the redesigned Profile gives you a snapshot of all the places you’ve been to on Airbnb, and the people you’ve met along the way.

FIND ALL YOUR TRIP INFO IN ONE PLACE
Quickly find or share the details of your reservation—making it easier for everyone to get there, get inside, and get connected to wifi with just a tap. Our in-app messaging means every guest on the trip can easily communicate with hosts to say hi, ask questions, and receive up-to-the-minute booking updates. You can also share photos, videos, and even customize an Airbnb Service, all in the same chat. And with a day-by-day view of everything you booked in the updated Trips tab, it’s simple to keep track of your plans and get key details like check-in times, special instructions, and entry codes all in one place, even when you’re offline.

WANT TO HOST? AIRBNB MAKES IT EASY.
Whether you want to host a home, experience, or service, you can reach millions of people traveling and grow your business on Airbnb. List your home in a few simple steps. Or, you can apply to host an experience or service and once approved, you’re ready to welcome the world.

YOU’VE COME THIS FAR—NOW GO FARTHER
Stop reading and fire up the app to book yourself a one-of-a-kind trip on Airbnb.
more

Ratings & Reviews
4.8
out of 5
703K Ratings
Editors’ Choice

Airbnb has totally changed the way we find places to stay. The unique service is packed with amazing spots all around the world—from cottages in France to New York City condos. Book private rooms, share homes with a host, or list your own space. This full-featured app boasts thousands of rent-ready pads, intuitive filters, and a beautiful design.

more
Forever Grateful to AirBnB
01/05/2021
Andychuho

I am a proud AirBnB Super Host with 2 listings in New York City. AirBnB was the best thing that ever happened to me, after trying to live with traditional roommates. AirBnB provided professional photographers to take pictures that confirm the state and description of my listings. AirBnB advertised, helped me to get guests, and managed the bookings. The payments have been prompt. On my part, I maintain and keep the place clean, pay all bills (rent, water, power, gas, internet, TV subscriptions), and treat all my guests with utmost courtesy. The guests become my family and my friends, and without being too intrusive, I keep checking whether they are ok and comfortable. To the best of my knowledge I provide them any information they require to make their visit and stay in NYC successful. The earnings from AirBnB enable me to cope with the living expenses, and I am eternally grateful. It has been quite an honor and privilege to meet guests from all over the world and learn so much from them. I remember them with fond memories and thank them for choosing to stay at my place. Support from AirBnB corporate and community has been exquisite. I have greatly benefited from suggestions to improve and handle different situations that arise. I love smart pricing. I sincerely thank the developers of the service, the staff who run and continuously improve AirBnB, and the brave guests who make it possible when they take a leap of faith and opt to stay at a stranger’s home. Thank you.

more
Cancellation process approved
10/27/2025
Tapatía 2023

It is my pleasure to inform you that your Airbnb customer service is superb. I spoke today with a gentleman I believe is overseas in some Asian country. I was harassing him trying to have him tell me where he was from but anyways, he spoke perfect English with the most polite voice very very patient because I was having a little breakdown because I had to leave in a hurry for my brother who’s having a baby he’s 12 child I am the oldest daughter but my mom passed away in 2014 so I’m also like a matriarch and I had to cancel my place because I want I need to be close to Escondido where my brother’s wife is going to be delivering the baby so I’m glad to inform you that the cancellation smooth went smoothly. Airbnb platform creator I wanna give you a kiss and a hug. I hope there was a woman in part of that team. I love how the Airbnb got updated and all of my questions get answered immediately. The payment method is awesome in Klarna is a great thing to do because now if I wanna buy a present for my beautiful little niece, I’ll be able to afford it since I don’t have to pay upfront for my Airbnb stay thank you so much for all you do to improve your customer service. I don’t not have nothing to tell you but thank you. Hugs and kisses Namaste from a person who has DNA of 40 different countries cause I am a princess of God and his precious daughter.

more
Don’t expect any help if anything goes wrong.
09/07/2020
User265337

They do not care about hosts. I have been a host on Airbnb for about a year now and it’s been increasingly stressful by the day. Anytime anything happens on the customer side, no matter how small (like dust on top of the kitchen cabinets, I’ve literally had someone complain about that and get a refund) they penalize you $50 and cancel your payout. On the other hand I just had a guest completely lose his mind, threaten me, and try to leave with my appliances. I ended up having to call the cops and he was arrested (he actually had 3 WARRANTS and a heroin needle on him) when I called customer service to cancel his reservation the line recognized my number, saw I was a host, and hung up on me no matter what choice I made on the automated system. I still haven’t been able to talk to a live person and I’ve called all the numbers. Now I can’t give this psycho his refund and he’s been harassing over the app saying he’s going to leave a bad review sue me and complain to get a full refund, which he’ll probably get. I’m looking into other apps like Vrbo or hometogo but before I do I had to leave this review, I’ve never seen terrible service like this in my entire life, it’s literally non existent. The pay can be good but you’re on your own if anything happens.

more
What’s New

Now you can book homes, experiences, and services—all in one app. Our redesigned app includes personalized recommendations of unique places to stay, unforgettable things to do, and incredible services at a range of prices. Plus, get a day-by-day view of your trips, new messaging features, and a revamped profile that shows who you are, where you’ve been, and who you’ve met along the way. And if you’re hosting, you’ll find useful new tools that make it easier to list your home, experience or service, as well as manage your reservations, scheduling, and more.
more

Version 26.39
5d ago
App Privacy

The developer, Airbnb, Inc., indicated that the app’s privacy practices may include handling of data as described below. For more information, see the developer’s privacy policy .

Data Linked to You

The following data may be collected and linked to your identity:

Purchases
Financial Info
Location
Contact Info
User Content
Search History
Browsing History
Identifiers
Usage Data
Diagnostics
Other Data

Privacy practices may vary, for example, based on the features you use or your age. Learn More

Accessibility

The developer has not yet indicated which accessibility features this app supports. Learn More

Information
Seller
Airbnb, Inc.
Size
Up to 358.7 MB
Category
Travel
Compatibility
Requires iOS 18.0 or later.
Languages
English and 53 more
Age Rating
4+
Copyright
©2021 Airbnb, Inc.
Developer Website
Privacy Policy
You Might Also Like
View
Booking.com: Hotels & Travel
Hotels, flights & car rentals
View
trivago: Compare hotel prices
5 million deals from top sites
View
Hotels.com: Book Hotel Deals
Last-minute stays & rewards
View
KAYAK: Flights, Hotels & Cars
Plan vacations & book trips
View
Vacation Rentals - HomeToGo
Book cabins, villas and houses
View
Tripadvisor: Plan & Book Trips
Hotels, Restaurants, Tours
View
Worldpackers Travel the World
Meaningful Travel & Community
View
Skyscanner Flights & Travel
Cheap Flight Tickets & Booking
View
Vrbo: Vacation Rentals
Member prices & weekend deals
View
Hostelworld: Hostel Travel App
Affordable Sociable Adventures
United States
Español (México)
العربية
Русский
简体中文
Français (France)
한국어
Português (Brazil)
Tiếng Việt
繁體中文 (台灣)

Copyright © 2026 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.

Internet Service Terms
App Store & Privacy
Cookie Warning
Support