#META {"len": 10319, "status": 0, "err": ""}
#TX 0x1c13cd6e6ac101fd43e0aa792919389977bbe4193ff555cfc882801ed59ea495
Search
Today
Games
Apps
Arcade
Categories
Categories
Photo & Video
Health & Fitness
Productivity
Entertainment
Action
Adventure
Puzzle
Indie
Platform
iPhone
iPad
Mac
Vision
Watch
TV
Snapchat

Share the moment!

Free · In‑App Purchases

5.9M RATINGS
4.5
AWARDS
Editors’ Choice
Apps
AGE RATING
13+
In-App Controls
CHART
#5
Photo & Video
DEVELOPER
Snap, Inc.
LANGUAGE
EN
+ 35 More
SIZE
418.9
MB
iPhone, iPad, Apple Watch, iMessage

Snapchat is a fast and fun way to share the moment with your friends and family

SNAP
• Snapchat opens right to the Camera — just tap to take a photo, or press and hold for video.
• Express yourself with Lenses, Filters, Bitmoji and more!
• Try out new Lenses daily created by the Snapchat community!

CHAT
• Stay in touch with friends through live messaging, or share your day with Group Stories.
• Video Chat with up to 16 friends at once — you can even use Lenses and Filters when chatting!
• Express yourself with Friendmojis — exclusive Bitmoji made just for you and a friend.

STORIES
• Watch friends' Stories to see their day unfold.
• See Stories from the Snapchat community that are based on your interests.
• Discover breaking news and exclusive Original Shows.

SPOTLIGHT
• Spotlight showcases the best of Snapchat!
• Submit your own Snaps or sit back, relax, and watch.
• Pick your favorites and share them with friends.

MAP
• Share your location with your best friends or go off the grid with Ghost Mode.
• See what your friends are up to on your most personal map when they share their location with you.
• Explore live Stories from the community nearby or across the world!

MEMORIES
• Save unlimited photos and videos of all your favorite moments.
• Edit and send old moments to friends or save them to your Camera Roll.
• Create Stories from your favorite Memories to share with friends and family.

FRIENDSHIP PROFILE
• Every friendship has its own special profile to see the moments you’ve saved together.
• Discover new things you have in common with Charms — see how long you’ve been friends, your astrological compatibility, your Bitmoji fashion sense, and more!
• Friendship Profiles are just between you and a friend, so you can bond over what makes your friendship special.

Happy Snapping!

• • •

Please note: Snapchatters can always capture or save your messages by taking a screenshot, using a camera, or otherwise. Be mindful of what you Snap!

For a full description of our privacy practices, please see our Privacy Center.
more

Events
NOW AVAILABLE
MAJOR UPDATE
Play Tumbling Tiles

Play Snapchat's new Tumbling Tiles game. Stay on the tiles, avoid the gaps, and outlast your friends!

Ratings & Reviews
4.5
out of 5
5.9M Ratings
Editors’ Choice

From its humble origin as a fun way to send self-erasing photo messages, Snapchat has grown into one of our favorite social media apps. And not just for the hilarious face filters and cool geographical photo tags. It’s become one of the best ways to share memories, maintain friendships, and stay up to date on news and views from our go-to websites.

more
amazing App
02/02/2023
the friendly girl in the back

this app is extraordinary! this is a great use for kids to experience and explore the social world. snapchat can also help them connect with family if they live far away or you just can’t get out of the house to see them. you can video chat, text, and send them pictures of yourself, and with that comes the filters the filters are never ending whatever comes to mind i guarantee they probably have it in a filter. but not only is this app great for kids it’s also good for adults. wether you want to make new friends, or find a new love partner. this is the way to meet new people. now let’s talk some more about the app. you have a best friends list and all of your closest friends can be on there, you can also pin people now you can only pin three but still. also you can customize your bitmoji and the options are endless whatever your style is they have it. and now for the down sides, some of the people you can meet on this app are scary and can do some weird things, coming from a person that has experienced this just block them. which gets me started on the settings you have a blocked list and if you accidentally block someone you can just go into setting and unblock them in a jif. also the app has different appearances you can set it to always mach the system of your phone, always light mode, and my personal favorite always dark mode. so to rap this up over all snapchat is a great way to socialize in today’s society great for kids and adults and 100% recommend you will not be let down!

more
Disappointed long time user
10/03/2025
Calsprouts

I’ve been using Snapchat for over a decade now. This app was a source of community and connection for me throughout the years; it holds countless memories, milestones, and laughs. All of those could be easily accessed and looked back on through Snapchat memories and flashbacks. Of course like every other company, now they want us to start paying a subscription fee for access to a widely loved and favorite feature for countless other users. It’s a shame, since I and many others have been users for so long, but I truly see no reason to keep Snapchat if they choose to stick with this decision. Since I’m not a child (oops, I meant ‘young adult’), Snapchat is no longer a primary method of communication for me, along with nearly every respectable individual out of the teenage years. Not to mention the ‘discover’ page is mostly slop clearly meant for 13 year olds. Frankly, I don’t understand who they’re trying to get money from with this decision. Is it the teenagers and kids who make up the majority of active users, and who this app is evidently aimed at? Or is it all the 20-something’s that, have likely grown out of many of this app’s features, but who still utilize the memories feature and…actually have their own money? I’m hoping it’s the latter, but I won’t be part of it and neither should anyone reading this. There are tutorials on how to get all of your memories from Snapchat and they’re free. We don’t need more subscriptions.

more
Snapchat review!
01/22/2025
Make this happend

I believe Snapchat is very good and here are some reasons why. First Snapchat is the best resource to talk to someone like instead of kids messenger and messages is so easy and quick. Snapchat is also very easy and quick by also having lots of advantages like half swiping and checking if someone’s online or there location. I have a bit of reasons why I don’t like a part of it and that’s because there are many weird people on this app and do stuff not in any way good. That’s my only reason it could be bad and I feel like very good and closer to my friends with Snapchat is very simple and easy and I love the filters and how it gives you lighting. I believe many people don’t like Snapchat but I believe it’s good to have Snapchat because if you don’t many people will consider you weird and that’s not right so that’s a opposite for people because there parents might not think it’s safe. I’ve been on Snapchat for a good year now and I love it being able to be like the cool people in school and not just have kids messenger or anything other like that. If it’s able I would love to have on Snapchat plus more nice things even though there’s a lot of good stuff but I think we should have a bit more things added. I took time out of my day or night to write you this and I’m very glad I did so maybe i talked you guys in for some cool things that might bring me and others happiness. Thank you if you got to the end of this, I really like Snapchat and I think it’s a cool app so thank you for taking your time to read this I appreciate it.

more
What’s New

Just a little tune-up to keep everything running smoothly!

Version 14.25.0.48
6d ago
App Privacy

The developer, Snap, Inc., indicated that the app’s privacy practices may include handling of data as described below. For more information, see the developer’s privacy policy .

Data Used to Track You

The following data may be used to track you across apps and websites owned by other companies:

Contact Info
Identifiers
Data Linked to You

The following data may be collected and linked to your identity:

Purchases
Location
Contact Info
Contacts
User Content
Search History
Identifiers
Usage Data
Diagnostics

Privacy practices may vary, for example, based on the features you use or your age. Learn More

Accessibility

The developer has not yet indicated which accessibility features this app supports. Learn More

Information
Seller
Snap, Inc.
Size
418.9 MB
Category
Photo & Video
Compatibility
Requires iOS 15.0 or later.
Location
This app may use your location even when it isn’t open, which can decrease device battery life.
Languages
English and 35 more
Age Rating
13+
In-App Purchases
Yes
Copyright
© Snap Inc.
Developer Website
Privacy Policy
License Agreement
Featured In
PRIDE
Travel With Pride

The best apps for LGBTQ+ travelers.

TRY NOW
5 Ways to Make the Most of Snapchat

Spice up your Snaps, spot new trends, and video chat with up to 15 friends.

GET SCHOOLED
Navigate College Beyond the Classroom

Apps to help you wrangle adulthood, organize finances, and more.

TRY SOMETHING NEW
5 Fun Snapchat Lenses

Find the perfect Lens to transform your look!

NOW STREAMING
Watch Megan Thee Stallion’s Pet Project

See your astrological profile

More by Snap, Inc.
View
Easy Lens by Snap Inc.
Make AI Effects & AR Filters
View
Spectacles by Snap Inc.
Utilities
You Might Also Like
View
Instagram
Videos, creators & friends
View
Funimate Video & Motion Editor
Music Video Maker with Effects
View
Citrus 1 Tap Photo Enhancer AI
Restore Natural HD Clarity
View
VSCO: Photo & Video Editor
Photography Filters & Presets
View
Blur Background Photo Effect
Blurring faces and backgrounds
View
Picsart AI Photo Editor, Video
Retouch, Video, Collage Maker
View
Video Star
Music video maker
View
OVF Editor
Select | Edit | Share
View
YouTube
Videos, Music and Live Streams
View
CapCut: Photo & Video Editor
Video maker with music
United States
Español (México)
العربية
Русский
简体中文
Français (France)
한국어
Português (Brazil)
Tiếng Việt
繁體中文 (台灣)

Copyright © 2026 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.

Internet Service Terms
App Store & Privacy
Cookie Warning
Support