#META {"len": 12558, "status": 0, "err": ""}
#TX 0x21cce66f1f4f60542f29a00821361ff8c434bee96c13a0cccb849279d2ed484f
Search
Today
Games
Apps
Arcade
Categories
Categories
Photo & Video
Health & Fitness
Productivity
Entertainment
Action
Adventure
Puzzle
Indie
Platform
iPhone
iPad
Mac
Vision
Watch
TV
Duolingo: Language Lessons

Languages, Math, Music & Chess

Free · In‑App Purchases

5.5M RATINGS
4.7
AWARDS
Editors’ Choice
Apps
AGE RATING
4+
Years
CHART
#1
Education
DEVELOPER
Duolingo
LANGUAGE
EN
+ 32 More
SIZE
515.2
MB
iPhone, iPad

Learn a new language, chess & more with the world's most downloaded education app! Duolingo is the fun, free app for learning 40+ languages through quick, bite-sized lessons. Practice speaking, reading, listening & writing to build your vocabulary & grammar skills.

Designed by learning experts & loved by hundreds of millions worldwide, our lessons make learning effective & fun and help you prepare for real conversations in Spanish, French, Japanese, Korean, Chinese, Italian, German, English and more.

And now, you can learn CHESS on Duolingo! Whether you're a total beginner or looking to level up your game, you'll love learning chess the Duolingo way. Play matches and fun chess lessons for all levels, no matter the language - chess, ajedrez, xadrez, schach, Шахматы, الشطرنج.

• Chess: Learn the moves, level up your game & play matches in our Chess course. Learn the basics, solve fun chess puzzles & improve your strategy with guided lessons. Whether you're new to chess or already play, our course is designed to help you have fun and build real skills. Checkmate!

• Math: Forget lectures and math worksheets! Built by learning experts, our Math course makes math feel like a game. Boost learning and fight the summer slide with standards-aligned math lessons for elementary school, middle school, and high school students.

• Music: Learn how to read music & play songs in our Music course, no instrument needed! Using an on-screen keyboard, you'll learn bit-by-bit.

Whether you're learning a language for travel, school, career or your brain health, you'll love learning with Duolingo.

Why Duolingo?

• Duolingo is fun & effective. Game-like language lessons & fun characters help you build speaking, reading, listening, & writing skills, plus enjoy fun chess & competitive online chess in one app.

• Duolingo works. Designed by learning experts, Duolingo has a science-based teaching methodology proven to foster long-term knowledge retention across language lessons & chess lessons alike.

• Track your progress. Work toward your learning goals with playful rewards & achievements when you make practicing language lessons or chess online part of your daily habit.

• Join millions of learners. Stay motivated with competitive Leaderboards as you learn languages & play chess online alongside our global community.

• Every course is free. Learn Spanish, French, German, Italian, Russian, Portuguese, Turkish, Dutch, Irish, Danish, Swedish, Ukrainian, Esperanto, Polish, Greek, Hungarian, Norwegian, Hebrew, Welsh, Arabic, Latin, Hawaiian, Scottish Gaelic, Vietnamese, Korean, Japanese, English, & even High Valyrian! And now, learn Math, Music & improve your Chess skills with fun, bite-sized lessons.

What the world is saying about Duolingo:

"Far & away the best language-learning app." - The Wall Street Journal

"This free app & website is among the most effective language-learning methods I've tried… lessons come in the form of brief challenges, speaking, translating, answering multiple-choice questions, that keep me coming back for more." - The New York Times

"Duolingo may hold the secret to the future of education." - TIME Magazine

"Duolingo is cheerful, lighthearted & fun." - Forbes

"I Can't Stop Playing Duolingo Chess." - Wired

If you like Duolingo, try Super Duolingo for 14 days free! Learn a language fast with no ads & get fun perks like Unlimited Energy & Monthly Streak Repair.

If you choose to purchase Super Duolingo, payment will be charged to your Apple account, and your account will be charged for renewal within 24-hours prior to the end of the current period. Auto-renewal may be turned off at any time by going to your settings in the App Store after purchase. Any unused portion of a free trial period, if offered, will be forfeited when the user purchases a subscription to that publication, where applicable.

Privacy Policy: https://www.duolingo.com/privacy
Terms of Service: https://www.duolingo.com/terms
more

Events
HAPPENING NOW
LIVE EVENT
The Brawl Stars Quest is here!

For a limited time, earn exclusive Brawl Stars rewards by keeping a streak on Duolingo. Learn, earn, and brawl!

NOW AVAILABLE
MAJOR UPDATE
Review your chess matches

How did you play? Replay your match highlights with commentary from Oscar, your expert teacher

HAPPENING NOW
CHALLENGE
New avatar suits are here!

For a limited time, do lessons to earn puzzle pieces and unlock playful new suits inspired by Junior’s toy box!

Ratings & Reviews
4.7
out of 5
5.5M Ratings
Editors’ Choice

With its friendly approach and awesome updates, Duolingo’s long been one of our favorite apps for learning another language. Its secret: making the process genuinely fun. Engaging mini-games test your reading, writing, and speaking skills, and joining a club (where you can encourage and compete with others) adds a great social element. Bonus: all those languages and games are available for free!

more
Experience so far
Jun 8
DanteiXmyerZ

So most importantly if you have a child who doesn't want to study or has disabilities, obviously it's not guaranteed to work but my kid does it and i haven't had to ask a single time, she does it probably at least and hour a day, playing chess, learning Spanish and math, all things i thought were fantasy, anyways you get the point. As for me, that's why the title is because I am wondering how far it can get you off pure studying nonstop, eventually it's better to have someone fluent to speak to in order to improve but learning words, sentences and writing, yes, keep in mind i'm putting in hours of work, but Russian I needed to improve, that's going very well. I also wanted to see how it would do with languages I had little to no experience in. So rather than explain tiny details, I think the fact that I can read and write some Japanese and haven't even gotten far but I mean, Japanese is completely different when it comes to writing, and I had no experience, but I wanted to see if I could read It if I wrote some stuff down can I read it in a while. It didn't look like nonsense to me, I could read and understand some of it. I recommend doing lessons longer getting a pen and paper and write down every single sentence to practice writing and grammar. Again, no clue if this'll be for everyone and you have to put in the work, don't expect improvement not taking it seriously. Anyways, i'm gonna wrap this up, I hope this helps if you're on the fence on the plan. Chao

more
Very improved app! I’m extremely pleased!
May 23
openzzz122

Duolingo, this time has certainly outdone itself. Not only has Duolingo remained a free language learning app for all, but this time Duolingo has taken all of us back to basics to learn a language fluently! In my opinion, just like how we learned our first language through being thrown right into the mix Duolingo has done just that without the rules and guidelines I honestly can say I feel more comfortable now learning the language that I have before and this time I have started my whole entire profile over just to check and test myself as far as my memory reading and comprehension and speaking of Spanish! Throwing us right into the mix has been the best decision ever made to learn a language because now it’s up to the User either sync or swim it’s up to us to adapt and I think learning languages is one of the best things that we can do not only to be well-rounded, but also enable us to have more friends and be able to go on other places with ease. However, one suggestion that I would have is that maybe Duolingo with setting it up so that you could FaceTime on the app with people who speak the same language that you’re studying to give them more authentic feel and to become comfortable with speaking language or allow users of a given language to FaceTime a native speaker to test, reading comprehension and understanding and fluency of a language all in all they’ve done a great job and I am proud to be a part of the Duolingo family in 2026 ~Cedric

more
Great app!
05/24/2024
yhgchggchht

I wanted to download Duolingo because I am going to fly to Paris France soon, and of course I needed to learn some French to go there. so when I first downloaded it, I thought I would go straight away to French, but no they want to take interest of why you are learning the language. which is a feature that I really like, including the fact, you have a choice to take a quiz when you first download it and start learning your language. like for example they will ask you if you would like to start from the beginning or if you want to take quiz to see how much you know and get as far as you can. obviously, I just wanted to learn French because I was going to fly there and so I pressed start from the beginning. they also make the learning fun! They find cool ways to teach you things. Like for example I was having so much fun on Duolingo. I spent 15 minutes on there when I chose only five minutes a day. including the fact, I didn’t know that I knew all these French words for example I was just doing a lesson on Duolingo and these questions got popping up and I kept easily answering them not even knowing that I knew those words. that’s how Duolingo shows you that you made progress. I also like how there are different characters with different voices so you can understand other peoples voices and way of speaking and not just one person’s voice on Duolingo. now I am super pumped to go to Paris!! 😀😃😄😁😆🥹😅😂🤣🥲☺️😊😇🙂🙃😉😌😍🥰😘😗😙😚😋😛😝😜🤪🤓😎🤩🥳🙂‍↕️😏🙂‍↔️🤭🤗🥴

more
What’s New

Our mascot owl, Duo, is trading in his usual diet of mice for bugs this week. Yup, we’re squashing those pesky bugs to make the experience better for all of you.

For more Duolingo news, contests and product releases, follow us on Facebook, Twitter, and Instagram @duolingo.

Version 7.142.0
1d ago
App Privacy

The developer, Duolingo, indicated that the app’s privacy practices may include handling of data as described below. For more information, see the developer’s privacy policy .

Data Used to Track You

The following data may be used to track you across apps and websites owned by other companies:

Purchases
Location
Contact Info
User Content
Identifiers
Usage Data
Diagnostics
Other Data
Data Linked to You

The following data may be collected and linked to your identity:

Purchases
Financial Info
Location
Contact Info
Contacts
User Content
Search History
Identifiers
Usage Data
Diagnostics
Other Data

Privacy practices may vary, for example, based on the features you use or your age. Learn More

Accessibility

The developer has not yet indicated which accessibility features this app supports. Learn More

Information
Seller
Duolingo, Inc
Size
515.2 MB
Category
Education
Compatibility
Requires iOS 17.0 or later.
Languages
English and 32 more
Age Rating
4+
In-App Purchases
Yes
Copyright
© 2026 Duolingo, Inc.
Developer Website
Privacy Policy
Featured In
OUR FAVORITES
Celebrate Latin American Developers
DEEP DIVE
Meet Duolingo’s Chess Mastermind

These irreverent chess lessons continue a family legacy.

TRY NOW
5 Tips for Duolingo Domination

Master a new skill and make Duo proud.

More by Duolingo
View
Learn to Read - Duolingo ABC
Interactive Stories for Kids
View
DET - Duolingo English Test
Securely set up the DET
You Might Also Like
View
Busuu: Language Learning App
Learn Spanish, French, English
View
Memrise: Language Learning App
Learn Spanish, Japanese & More
View
Falou - Fast language learning
Learn English, Spanish, French
View
Wlingua - Learn English
Grammar, vocabulary and audio
View
LingoDeer - Learn Languages
Learn Japanese,Korean,Spanish
View
Babbel - Language Learning
Learn Spanish, French & more
View
Cake - Learn English & Korean
Study with BTS, K-Pop & Drama
View
Drops: Language Learning Games
Learn Spanish, French, German
View
Mondly: Learn 41 Languages
Learning Spanish Korean French
View
Teuida: Learn Languages
Easy Spanish, Japanese, Korean
United States
Español (México)
العربية
Русский
简体中文
Français (France)
한국어
Português (Brazil)
Tiếng Việt
繁體中文 (台灣)

Copyright © 2026 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.

Internet Service Terms
App Store & Privacy
Cookie Warning
Support