#META {"len": 9793, "status": 0, "err": ""}
#TX 0x3eb3b1b82d9516021d2a6ddd478f275860b4288bfb42d83abd2cd972c0baed50
Search
Today
Games
Apps
Arcade
Categories
Categories
Photo & Video
Health & Fitness
Productivity
Entertainment
Action
Adventure
Puzzle
Indie
Platform
iPhone
iPad
Mac
Vision
Watch
TV
Discord - Talk, Play, Hang Out

Group Chat That’s Fun & Games

Free · In‑App Purchases

3.6M RATINGS
4.7
AWARDS
Editors’ Choice
Apps
AGE RATING
13+
In-App Controls
CHART
#6
Social Networking
DEVELOPER
Discord Inc.
LANGUAGE
EN
English
SIZE
248.7
MB
iPhone, iPad

Discord is designed for gaming and great for just chilling with friends or building a community. Customize your own space and gather your friends to talk while playing your favorite games, or just hang out.

GROUP CHAT THAT’S ALL FUN & GAMES
∙ Discord is great for playing games and chilling with friends, or even building a worldwide community. Customize your own space to talk, play, and hang out in.

MAKE YOUR GROUP CHATS MORE FUN
∙ Create custom emoji, stickers, soundboard effects, and more to add your personality to voice, video, or text chat. Set your avatar, a custom status, and write your own profile to show up in chat your way.

STREAM LIKE YOU’RE IN THE SAME ROOM
∙ High-quality and low-latency streaming makes it feel like you're hanging out on the couch with friends while playing a game, watching shows, looking at photos, or idk doing homework or something.

HOP IN WHEN YOU’RE FREE, NO NEED TO CALL
∙ Easily hop in and out of voice or text chats without having to call or invite anyone, so you can chat with your friends before, during, and after your game session.

SEE WHO’S AROUND TO CHILL
∙ See who’s around, playing games, or just hanging out. For supported games, you can see what modes or characters your friends are playing and directly join up.

ALWAYS HAVE SOMETHING TO DO TOGETHER
∙ Watch videos, play built-in games, listen to music, or just scroll together and spam memes. Seamlessly text, call, video chat, and play games, all in one group chat.

WHEREVER YOU GAME, HANG OUT HERE
∙ On your PC, phone, or console, you can still hang out on Discord. Easily switch between devices and use tools to manage multiple group chats with friends.
more

Ratings & Reviews
4.7
out of 5
3.6M Ratings
Editors’ Choice

There are a hundred different ways to share things with your friends, but Discord stands out as a particularly good one. You can create individual groups (called servers) for your friends: the group that you play videogames with, the group that goes to the cinema together, and so on. This app first made its name among videogame players, but these days, Discord is used by everyone, in no small part because it’s easy to understand, quick to set up, and slick to use.

more
this seriously needs fixed
11/11/2020
aaaaaaaaauwu

i love discord and use it daily. but with recent updates it has been extremely frustrating to use and difficult to do basic things, such as type and send a message. the text box is so glitchy. when trying to type a message, it doesn't expand with the amount of text so you have to wait for it to hurry up and realize "hey, there's more text coming" unless you want to risk typing blindly and making a bunch of typos. another thing is the new menu bar at the bottom when you swipe to look at dms or server members. if you try to go back to the conversation you're currently in, it either slides to the members in the conversation tab and is impossible to view the conversation itself, or it stays over the screen and blocks you from the conversation, causing you to have to restart the app. this happens quite frequently, and it frustrates me to no end. now, i realize that my phone may be the issue. i have an iphone 6, and i know it isn't exactly what you would consider a new phone by any means, but a messaging/calling app should NOT be the one app i can't run. i miss discord's simplicity, not only because it ran much smoother on my phone, but because that's all discord needed. i could talk to my friends, either by text or vc, and that's all i needed.tl;dr -- bring back the simpler discord. it's friendly to all phones and doesn't have all of the unnecessary junk. i get that aesthetics are important to an extent, but when they make usage of the app almost impossible for some, i think it's time to find a new aesthetic.

more
Recent updates seem to have lost the people’s interest
12/16/2023
StawberryIcicle

Recently the app has gone through many changes, and here I am. I’d like to say with the update that was pushed to my phone today, it is extremely hard to do much. The media list of people online was hard to find, the separation between servers and messages feels just plain wrong, the removal of numbers. I’ve been using discord since 2018, so maybe I’m being picky. But it seems Discord as a company doesn’t want to listen to its ‘consumer’ anyways. There was negative feedback about the removal of the number system for usernames, the altering links feature which can lead to scamming and hacking, and the lash back about the most recent UI changes.While I understand that company has to have integrity and be able to reason, I feel that in some stances the Discord company can’t see that certain changes might affect their platform negatively. My number one concern is that Discord isn’t listening to its users, you can be firm and have a middle ground. Some of the changes aren’t the end of the world, none of them are. But sometimes the changes can seriously endanger the users, if said users aren’t careful enough.That being said, the new update of separation of servers and DMs is annoying, the almost inability to find server members and their current online status is so, so infuriating as someone who checks this feature often. Oh, and to put it rather blunt, the new UI is very ugly.Discord is my number one app, it’s my messaging app, my notes app, I use this app more than I use the general texting app. Please, listen to your users.

more
Wifi vs Data
07/15/2025
SOAPGAVSSUSHWWJHEVEV

I’ve had Discord for years, since 2017 and not had a lot of issues with the site other than bots at the time which has gotten a little better ig. I’ve always been able to use Discord with fairly easy use and consistency for the past years, but I’ve also have had wifi for the most part and even being off wifi in the past it has been good before with little issues.Now, recently, I’ve been coming across multiple issues. I now have no Wifi and have been using Data full time and it has become such a pain to use.I have Nitro and had it for a year now and for the past 6 months on data and it uses so much Data for one, I’m glad the clear cache is added but doesn’t do much or even really work and still have to uninstall the app when necessary ( apple problem ). The issues I have is messages refusing to load and send at all and can take up to an hour to send one message and have had messages continuously duplicate after each hard reset which is really annoying. Hard resets to the app does not reset the app all the time and takes many and multiple attempts even after waiting a minute or two. Trying to send photos which can and will take longer than an hour just to send or even load and gods forbid I send more than one photo at a time. I’ve had issues with false notifications, and issues with them not going away even after checking and hard restarting the app, multiple times. This wouldn’t be as irritating if I wasn’t paying for Nitro, and not the basic at that, and it struggle so hard to do the basic tasks above.

more
Developer Response

Try switching between WiFi and mobile data, or consider changing your DNS settings by following the steps here: dis.gd/dnsswap. This might enhance connection stability.

more
What’s New

We’ve been hard at work making Discord better for you. This includes bug fixes and performance enhancements. For more detailed information, go to your profile in the app and scroll down to “What’s New”.

Version 347.0
1d ago
App Privacy

The developer, Discord Inc., indicated that the app’s privacy practices may include handling of data as described below. For more information, see the developer’s privacy policy .

Data Used to Track You

The following data may be used to track you across apps and websites owned by other companies:

Identifiers
Data Linked to You

The following data may be collected and linked to your identity:

Purchases
Contact Info
User Content
Search History
Identifiers
Usage Data
Diagnostics

Privacy practices may vary, for example, based on the features you use or your age. Learn More

Accessibility

The developer has not yet indicated which accessibility features this app supports. Learn More

Information
Seller
Discord Inc.
Size
248.7 MB
Category
Social Networking
Compatibility
Requires iOS 16.0 or later.
Languages
English
Age Rating
13+
In-App Purchases
Yes
Copyright
© 2026 Discord
Developer Website
Privacy Policy
License Agreement
Featured In
TRY NOW
How to Get Started With Discord

The social media alternative offers safe spaces for sharing interests.

You Might Also Like
View
Kik Messaging & Chat App
Messaging, Chatting & Live
View
sendit - get it now
for the culture
View
JusTalk - Video Chat & Calls
Meet Happy, Share the Moment
View
Streamlabs: Live Streaming App
Stream Camera & Mobile Games
View
Litstick - Best Stickers App
Funny message text changer
View
HiWaifu: Character AI
AI Characters & Stories
View
IMVU: Fun 3D Avatar Chat Game
Show Your Style & Meet People
View
CastChat - Voice Chat & Match
Team up and Play with Friends
View
PRISM: Live Streaming App
IRL & Games
View
SSSTik: TT Video Downloader HD
SSS 4k Videos, Photo Saver
United States
Español (México)
العربية
Русский
简体中文
Français (France)
한국어
Português (Brazil)
Tiếng Việt
繁體中文 (台灣)

Copyright © 2026 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.

Internet Service Terms
App Store & Privacy
Cookie Warning
Support