#META {"len": 11539, "status": 0, "err": ""}
#TX 0x15d49056df9069cc3680b53c61b9e90c3542824e64d8b5c2463e3e1065bc5f0a
Search
Today
Games
Apps
Arcade
Categories
Categories
Photo & Video
Health & Fitness
Productivity
Entertainment
Action
Adventure
Puzzle
Indie
Platform
iPhone
iPad
Mac
Vision
Watch
TV
Telegram Messenger

Fast. Secure. Powerful.

Free · In‑App Purchases

282K RATINGS
4.0
AGE RATING
13+
Years
CHART
#3
Social Networking
DEVELOPER
Telegram FZ-LLC
LANGUAGE
EN
+ 18 More
SIZE
243.3
MB
iPhone, iPad, Apple Watch

Pure instant messaging — simple, fast, secure, and synced across all your devices. One of the top 5 most downloaded apps in the world with over 1 billion active users.

FAST: Telegram is the fastest messaging app on the market, connecting people via a unique, distributed network of data centers around the globe.

SYNCED: You can access your messages from all your phones, tablets and computers at once. Telegram apps are standalone, so you don’t need to keep your phone connected. Start typing on one device and finish the message from another. Never lose your data again.

UNLIMITED: You can send media and files, without any limits on their type and size. Your entire chat history will require no disk space on your device, and will be securely stored in the Telegram cloud for as long as you need it.

SECURE: We made it our mission to provide the best security combined with ease of use. Everything on Telegram, including chats, groups, media, etc. is encrypted using a combination of 256-bit symmetric AES encryption, 2048-bit RSA encryption, and Diffie–Hellman secure key exchange.

100% FREE & OPEN: Telegram has a fully documented and free API for developers, open source apps and verifiable builds to prove the app you download is built from the exact same source code that is published.

POWERFUL: You can create group chats with up to 200,000 members, share large videos, documents of any type (.DOCX, .MP3, .ZIP, etc.) up to 2 GB each, and even set up bots for specific tasks. Telegram is the perfect tool for hosting online communities and coordinating teamwork.

RELIABLE: Built to deliver your messages using as little data as possible, Telegram is the most reliable messaging system ever made. It works even on the weakest mobile connections.

FUN: Telegram has powerful photo and video editing tools, animated stickers and emoji, fully customizable themes to change the appearance of your app, and an open sticker/GIF platform to cater to all your expressive needs.

SIMPLE: While providing an unprecedented array of features, we take great care to keep the interface clean. Telegram is so simple you already know how to use it.

PRIVATE: We take your privacy seriously and will never give any third parties access to your data. You can delete any message you ever sent or received for both sides, at any time and without a trace. Telegram will never use your data to show you ads.

For those interested in maximum privacy, Telegram offers Secret Chats. Secret Chat messages can be programmed to self-destruct automatically from both participating devices. This way you can send all types of disappearing content — messages, photos, videos, and even files. Secret Chats use End-to-End Encryption to ensure that a message can only be read by its intended recipient.

We keep expanding the boundaries of what you can do with a messaging app. Don’t wait years for older messengers to catch up with Telegram — join the revolution today.

Terms of Use: https://www.apple.com/legal/internet-services/itunes/dev/stdeula/
more

Ratings & Reviews
4.0
out of 5
282K Ratings
Delete my comment if you want, cause you’ve been, gross
Mar 3
Your last player

This app is being use to target/harrassing me, people are exposing and spreading child pornaghraphy of me from mistakes I made as a child, I found this out bc someone was impersonating in order to sell it better, don’t support this app do what you can to help get it taken down, only 5 star so it gets seen. Read while you can might get removed, but will do my best to keep the word out- with everything these sick people are getting away with I honestly doubt it will ever change,our gov lets Snapchat telegram discord all these app do this, I honestly would rather tik tok have been stealing my data than apps like this be allowed and used to target are youth, speaking from bad experiences, predator use these apps to target and lure the ones they can, and they have before, and in the end none of these apps make true changes to account for that, god forbid they ever take responsibility for what they created too. I don’t blame the kid that didn’t get help or know any better I blame the pedo and the app that allowed it to take place.

more
Not private enough
07/13/2020
RandB Lover

I like most of the features of this app (text, call, group chats, forwarding messages and sending, etc) I also like how you can build group chats with people that are in your contacts as well as include people from other people who may not necessarily be a contact but connected to someone else in the chat. I gave this app a 3 instead of a 5because of its privacy settings. I didn’t like the fact that as soon as i joined the whole “telegram world” so to speak gets an alert that I joined. Your settings default to that so there’s no way to control that going on. I know this because immediately after I joined, I get a message from someone (in my contacts) that I had not spoken to in ages! I completely forgot this person was in my contacts. I received this message before I could even figure out the features of the app work, before I could figure out how it works, and even before I configure the settings the way I wanted them. That was very uncomfortable. Also, I don’t like that the privacy settings are not completely private. For instance I changed my privacy settings for “Last seen online” to “Nobody”. Meaning nobody should see when I was online. However, that’s not the case. If you select “Nobody” as opposed to Everybody or My contacts, the default setting next to your name for last seen online defaults to “Recently”. Well to me that isn’t private. No that isn’t given the actual time stamp, but that is still letting All of your contacts know that you were “recently” on telegram. So that to me is a downfall of this app. That isn’t private.

more
Eh
01/05/2019
MuteThePanda

The app is great except it logs me out like 90% of the time and while this wasn’t a problem at first, you can only have so many clients open at the same time so when I would open the app from the app instead of just reopening the same window (which like 25% of the time it would log me out anyway) using the home button (I’m on an iPhone) to go back to the chat bc I’m lazy or whatever anyway basically you can only open so many clients at a time and eventually there’s a cap to how many you could open so every time I logged in it was opening a new client (in its coding? I don’t know there was always only one open on my phone but when I would check to see how many clients were open on “other devices” there would be a list of every time I had been kicked and logged back in on the same device) so here I am exceeding the limit of clients because the coding is counting every single new log in as a completely new device instead of the same device over and over. In the end, it takes 12 hours for telegram to automatically end the last client logged into. Oh and the clock resets every time you try to log in. Another thing it won’t let me send anything through telegram suddenly? It was working perfectly before but it just freezes the app I’m sending from and logs me out of my current telegram client. Over all I think that Telegram could be a wonderful app but with the current problems I’m having, I can’t even use it so it’s kind of pointless? I hope they fix these problems, if so I’ll definitely try it out again

more
Developer Response

Hello, sorry to hear that you are experiencing something like that. One thing to check is how much free storage space does your device have? If your device has very low free storage space, the app may not be able to save the session history to your phone. Then if the app is restarted, it cannot restore the last session and hence would need to re-login.

more
Partial accessibility equals no accessibility for the total Blind
May 3
eric oyen

I have tried contacting the developers from inside this app, and only have gotten radio silence! I have tried contacting via Twitter, Facebook, and every other platform the developers might be on. Again, radio silence. This app is only partially accessible, which means for those of us fully depending upon a screen reader, it’s practically unusable and anything other than a very basic form. I expect to be able to use every feature, not just a couple features. Please correct this soonest. Oh, and there’s 385 million other like me that would like you to correct this, now.Update, as of May 3, 2026, this app is no longer usable by a totally blind individual using a screen reader at all. Most buttons are unlabeled, there is no back button for when you enter a chat. There’s also no profile button, and there are no longer any tabs at the bottom, which means I can’t even modify settings. I would rate this app lower than one, but that option is not available! The developers have failed in any minimal obligation to the entire population of the planet to make their client accessible for everyone! The developers of this app taught on their website, the equitability of the client, the inclusion of the client, and the diversity of its users. At least two of those three terms they are not living up to. As of today’s date, this client is no longer accessible at all.

more
What’s New

Bug fixes, minor improvements, and more.
more

Version 12.9.4
Sep 12
App Privacy

The developer, Telegram FZ-LLC, indicated that the app’s privacy practices may include handling of data as described below. For more information, see the developer’s privacy policy .

Data Linked to You

The following data may be collected and linked to your identity:

Purchases
Financial Info
Location
Contact Info
Contacts
User Content
Identifiers

Privacy practices may vary, for example, based on the features you use or your age. Learn More

Accessibility

The developer has not yet indicated which accessibility features this app supports. Learn More

Information
Seller
Telegram FZ-LLC
Size
243.3 MB
Category
Social Networking
Compatibility
Requires iOS 13.0 or later.
Location
This app may use your location even when it isn’t open, which can decrease device battery life.
Languages
English and 18 more
Age Rating
13+
In-App Purchases
Yes
Copyright
© 2026 Telegram FZ-LLC
Privacy Policy
Supports
Siri

Use this app with Siri to help you get things done.

Wallet

The simplest way to get all your passes in one place.

You Might Also Like
View
Nicegram: AI for Telegram X
Secure Chat, Private Messenger
View
Rakuten Viber Messenger
Message with Confidence
View
Zangi - Private Messenger
Secure. No trace. Fast
View
WhatsApp Messenger
Simple. Reliable. Private.
View
Messenger
Text, audio and video calls
View
iMe: AI Messenger
Next-level AI chats
View
Status Saver Video Photo Save
Story Downloader, Image Editor
View
Signal - Private Messenger
Say “hello” to privacy.
View
Kik Messaging & Chat App
Messaging, Chatting & Live
View
Session - Private Messenger
Privacy you can trust
United States
Español (México)
العربية
Русский
简体中文
Français (France)
한국어
Português (Brazil)
Tiếng Việt
繁體中文 (台灣)

Copyright © 2026 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.

Internet Service Terms
App Store & Privacy
Cookie Warning
Support