#META {"len": 8486, "status": 0, "err": ""}
#TX 0xb62306db0ebfb365fe0f9d7c5e751bfeefddd14fa25ec8c71851531b9d26494f
Search
Today
Games
Apps
Arcade
Categories
Categories
Photo & Video
Health & Fitness
Productivity
Entertainment
Action
Adventure
Puzzle
Indie
Platform
iPhone
iPad
Mac
Vision
Watch
TV
Pinterest

Fashion, home design and ideas

Free · In‑App Purchases

5.8M RATINGS
4.8
AWARDS
Editors’ Choice
Apps
AGE RATING
13+
In-App Controls
CHART
#2
Lifestyle
DEVELOPER
Pinterest, Inc.
LANGUAGE
EN
+ 38 More
SIZE
428.2
MB
iPhone, iPad, iMessage

Pinterest is a place of endless possibilities. You can:
- Discover everyday inspiration
- Shop styles you love
- Try and learn something new

Create boards, save Pins and make collages of all your inspiration. Unlock billions of ideas, from fashion tips and easy recipes to DIY projects and fresh ways to redo your space. Creating the life you love?

It's Possible.
more

Ratings & Reviews
4.8
out of 5
5.8M Ratings
Editors’ Choice

We love finding and pinning creative ideas, tasty recipes, and more. Pinterest’s wonderfully designed app is a constant source of inspiration, whether you’re planning a trip, remodeling your home, or finding something to wear. With a bevy of helpful features—from collaborative boards to built-in messaging—Pinterest is an exceptionally visual way to explore what matters to you.

more
Again with these updates. Disappointed.
09/20/2019
IttyBittyMeow

I used to use Pinterest in a daily basis several times a days and now I use it a couple of days out of the week if I feel like it sometimes. So for the first time in a few days I opened it again and couldn’t use it. It basically said that if I wanted to save any new pins I couldn’t do so until I updated the app. I still genuinely absolutely love this app and everything it’s supposed to be used for but now these updates have made everything so much more difficult to use, it doesn’t look nice and clean like it used to, a lot of things are almost kinda grainy looking now in my opinion, there are so many ads everywhere, and now I just had to update it without my choosing to do so. I had started using this app since basically the beginning but now even though I love everything it’s for I’m getting frustrated with it. I’ll continue to use it just because I’ve got so many things that I’ve saved and loved over the years but I’m getting extremely tired of these changes. I miss the way the old way it used to be. No ads, I could save things far easier (it would keep your last three boards you used at the top), it didn’t feel like basically every other app out there as far as looks, and it made things so easy. I would very rarely have any bugs or anything to fix. I’m still giving it a 5 star review because it is something that I do still love, I just sincerely wish they would stop trying to add a bunch of unnecessary things to it and just keep it to how it was. Easy, fun, clean, and entertaining.

more
stop the annoying updates on random things please
01/19/2024
vi0liiin girl

For one, the size and shape of the “pin” button changes every few weeks for no reason, and also the animation for when you click on a pin in the homescreen changed a few days ago and it was better before (now it like slides from the left of the screen whereas before it popped from the homescreen instead), as well as being able to move the image around your screen which made it so you could see around the “visual search” and other buttons in the corner that block that part of the image, and now you can’t really do that??? also PLEASE stop turning off comments in created pins, I understand this might be for a safety reason or something but it is VERY annoying especially when a creator was trying to make a pin that users engage with BY COMMENTING ON IT?? and on MY pins they’re often disabled for no apparent reason and then the pins get absolutely no interaction or views. One suggestion I have that is a small thing but is frustrating is when you have sections in a board they don’t switch places by most recent, which idk I just would like it better than manually ordering them. Also I hate the feature where the names of your board are across the top of your screen constantly, never going away, I just don’t like that the names of my boards are always visible from my home page (because some of them have goofy names that are embarrassing 😭😭). y’all just change things too often… but overall I love the app and have been using for many years so❤️❤️

more
This app is amazing~!
10/22/2019
personifacation

This app is so outstanding to me because it takes note of what you’ve been searching and clicked on. It shows you more things that you would like to see! Another reason why I love this app is because, it gives you ideas and allows you to use your imagination. It spreads your creativity! It lets you do something fun besides sitting around doing nothing. Otherwise, they wouldn’t be doing the activity. My last reason really touches me and is truly wonderful and kind. If you come home from work, school, or from anywhere, and you searched up something like 'depressed' at the top of the screen it will say something like, “If you’re feeling sad or stressed, here are some resources that may help improve your mood.” It also says that Pinterest is not a professional in helping with this kind of stuff and it would be better to talk to a professional about it instead. It still provides things like, ways to be mindful and caring for yourself and others. Really just seeing the good in life. It shows you how to relax and think about your strengths. It also provides the National Suicide Prevention Lifeline for someone to talk to. If your depressed or somewhere around those areas please, please, PLEASE talk to someone about it because people care and love you even if you don’t feel that way. There will always be at least one person who cares about you very much even if they don’t know you. So please talk to someone and get help in very way you can. These people are here for a reason. And that reason is 'you'.

more
What’s New

Every week, we polish up the Pinterest app. This update includes:
- Bug fixes
- Performance improvements

Tell us if you like this latest version at https://help.pinterest.com/contact

Version 14.37
5d ago
App Privacy

The developer, Pinterest, Inc., indicated that the app’s privacy practices may include handling of data as described below. For more information, see the developer’s privacy policy .

Data Used to Track You

The following data may be used to track you across apps and websites owned by other companies:

Purchases
Location
Contact Info
Identifiers
Data Linked to You

The following data may be collected and linked to your identity:

Purchases
Financial Info
Location
Contact Info
Contacts
User Content
Search History
Browsing History
Identifiers
Usage Data
Diagnostics
Body
Other Data
Data Not Linked to You

The following data may be collected but it is not linked to your identity:

Surroundings

Privacy practices may vary, for example, based on the features you use or your age. Learn More

Accessibility

The developer has not yet indicated which accessibility features this app supports. Learn More

Information
Seller
Pinterest, Inc.
Size
428.2 MB
Category
Lifestyle
Compatibility
Requires iOS 16.0 or later.
Languages
English and 38 more
Age Rating
13+
In-App Purchases
Yes
Copyright
© 2026 Pinterest, Inc.
Developer Website
Privacy Policy
Featured In
GET SCHOOLED
Navigate College Beyond the Classroom

Apps to help you wrangle adulthood, organize finances, and more.

HOW TO
5 Tips for Becoming a Pinterest Pro

Bring your boards to the next level.

More by Pinterest, Inc.
View
Shuffles by Pinterest
Unleash your creative energy
You Might Also Like
View
NGL: ask me anything
Get your NGL Link
View
Combyne - your perfect Outfit
Get dressed on your phone!
View
Perfect365: Face Makeup Editor
AI Beauty, Retouch, Hair Color
View
Couple360-Relationship App
Share story on lover's screen
View
LooksMax Face Rating AI－LooxUP
Looks Rater, Symmetry Analyzer
View
yope: friends-only social game
real moments every hour
View
Moggr - Haircut & Looksmax AI
AI Hairstyle Try On & Glow Up
View
Couple Joy - Relationship App
Long Distance & Love Tracker
View
Mininote - Cute note and diary
Daily Notes and Journalings
View
Whering: Your Digital Closet
Outfit Planner, Organizer
United States
Español (México)
العربية
Русский
简体中文
Français (France)
한국어
Português (Brazil)
Tiếng Việt
繁體中文 (台灣)

Copyright © 2026 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.

Internet Service Terms
App Store & Privacy
Cookie Warning
Support