#META {"len": 13552, "status": 0, "err": ""}
#TX 0xf446d6481c9ff651f19c3ecb82d3fc7eff986871b45ed6d2f0552aa37e12b11a
Search
Today
Games
Apps
Arcade
Categories
Categories
Photo & Video
Health & Fitness
Productivity
Entertainment
Action
Adventure
Puzzle
Indie
Platform
iPhone
iPad
Mac
Vision
Watch
TV
Uber - Rides, Eats, Hotels

Rideshare, taxi, delivery

Free

17M RATINGS
4.9
AGE RATING
4+
Years
CHART
#1
Travel
DEVELOPER
Uber Technologies, Inc.
LANGUAGE
EN
+ 49 More
SIZE
463.6
MB
iPhone, iPad

Join the millions of riders who trust Uber for their everyday travel needs. Whether you’re running an errand across town or exploring a city far from home, getting there should be easy.

FIND THE RIDE YOU WANT
Find the perfect ride right at your fingertips! Uber is here to make your journey stress-free and enjoyable.

Pick from a wide range of products that the Uber app has to offer including:
- UberX: Affordable rides, all to yourself
- Electric: Eco-Friendly
- UberXL: Affordable rides for groups up to 6
- Comfort: Newer cars with extra legroom
- Comfort Electric: Premium zero-emission cars
- Uber Pet: Affordable rides for you and your pet
- Black: Luxury rides with professional drivers
- Taxi: You now have the option to request a cab or a taxi on demand using Uber in select cities
- 2-wheels: Find a scooter to start riding roday

UPFRONT PRICING
With Uber, you no longer need to worry about hidden costs or unexpected surprises. As you enter your destination in the app, you get upfront pricing and the estimated time of arrival.

SAFETY TOGETHER
Safety is a top priority at Uber. We have established comprehensive safety features to help ensure every rider and driver feels secure and comfortable.

AFFORDABLE PRICING
We’re doing all we can to make our pricing as transparent as possible.

- UberX Share: UberX Share connects you to other riders headed in the same direction.
- Group Rides: Share the journey with friends.
- Split Fare: Don’t worry about doing the math later—split the cost evenly while you’re still on the ride.

JOIN UBER ONE FOR EXCLUSIVE PERKS
Benefit from $0 Delivery Fee and up to 10% off eligible delivery and pickup orders, 6% Uber Cash back on eligible rides and a $5 credit if our Latest Arrival Estimate on your order is off. Other fees & terms apply. For more details see uber.com/uberone.

RESERVE RIDES IN ADVANCE
Need a ride at a specific time? No problem! Uber allows you to reserve rides in advance, so you can plan your day with confidence.

GO GREEN
Uber is committed to building a sustainable future for our cities. With a growing fleet of electric and hybrid vehicles, you can choose eco-friendly rides to reduce your carbon footprint.

RENT CARS AND HAVE THEM DELIVERED TO YOU
Whether you need a car today or later, the online booking experience will help you find the right vehicle for a family vacation, a weekend getaway, airport travel, and more. You can have a rental car delivered to your door at the time and location of your choice with Valet, currently available in select cities.

MORE FEATURES
Delivery: Order food from your favorite restaurants through Uber Eats. Stock up on groceries, shop pharmacy, convenience and pet supplies and get them all delivered.

Uber Connect: an easy, same-day, no-contact delivery solution that allows people to send items whether it’s a care package for a loved one or an item you sold online.

Transit: Say goodbye to complicated time schedules, hectic transfers, and unexpected waits while reducing your trip’s emissions.

Uber Charter: Book high-capacity group rides in vehicles seating 14-55 passengers, such as limo buses, luxury vans, and coach buses.

2-Wheels: Did you know you can also bike or ride a scooter with the Uber app?

Uber for Business: Manage and track business travel, meal programs, and more on one dashboard.

Uber Hourly: Keep a car and driver with you for hours.

Uber Car Seat: Uber Car Seat provides one forward-facing car seat for a child who is at least 2 years old, 22 pounds, and 31 inches tall.

Get Started Now! Download the Uber app and create an account today. Uber is available in the following cities: Boston, DC, LA, New York, San Francisco, Vegas, Orlando, Chicago and more. Check if Uber is available in your city at https://www.uber.com/cities. Stay updated on the latest news, promotions, and offers by following us on Twitter at https://twitter.com/uber and liking us on Facebook at https://www.facebook.com/uber.
more

Ratings & Reviews
4.9
out of 5
17M Ratings
Discrimination
04/30/2024
Celmaslar

My Uber driver account was deactivated 2 months ago, neither customer service nor greenlight office helped me. I have been dealing with this for 2 months and I have met at least 15 times with uber customer service and 3 times with greenlight office. I have met with their supervisors, no one wants to help. Everyone sends an automated message. The only purpose of the employees is to stall the person on the phone, they don't try to solve the problem. The reason they give for closing my account is; "You have opened more than one account in your name, this is against the community rules." I am giving my explanation but they don't want to understand. One of the accounts is Uberx and the other is Uber Black. The Uber Black account is already separate. They don't challenge it. When I ask why it was closed, they send me an automated mail. They just say that I violated the community rules without explaining any reason. I ask why, they say they are sending an e-mail and send the same e-mail. This is completely discriminatory, they shouldn't be able to do this without telling me what the real reason is. When they talk on the phone, instead of explaining, they hang up on me. From now on, I'm turning this matter over to the lawyer. I will do whatever it takes, if necessary, I don't care if my account is not active. I just want uber to be held accountable through legal means. I will never let this go, no matter how long it takes.

more
Inappropriate communication and unsupportive interactions with a driver.
09/01/2022
frct2-90

I’ve never used Uber as a pickup service at Fort Lauderdale international airport until August 31, 2022. You can check your records. Previously I’ve used other services so had no communication with nor any knowledge of what the system was to meet with the Uber driver in this instance. Upon arrival I continuously provided my location to the driver, in an effort to get picked up, however in response she was insisting I needed to go to a destination I was not familiar with. Eventually, after several texts back and forth (can be documented via our texts on your app)she finally gave me a location. Once I arrived at the location and attempted to speak with her concerning the miscommunication she immediately displayed a sense of aggravation and became defensive and belligerent. Despite her unprofessional attitude, and being placed in an awkward situation, due to unfamiliar circumstances I was willing to continue to my destination with her because she claimed she was willing to continue to accept the reservation. Eventually, she decided to leave after a period of time while my husband was in route to where she was parked. The bottom line is she left without any communication and didn’t cancel the reservation before accepting another one, at my expense. This entire encounter could have been avoided if she didn’t make the assumption that I was familiar with the protocols of where I, as the customer should have met her vehicle.

more
Bait and switch
10/28/2018
Canned Banana

Not really happy with Uber’s new ”Walk” feature. I ordered a pool yesterday and it gave me a price of $18 then it said save $7 by walking a few blocks. But what it really meant was it was going to charge me seven dollars more if I didn’t walk. If you’re going to get a price for car service that should be the price for picking you up where you’re at, not for walking up to seven blocks away. Well it was raining and I had heavy equipment I didn’t want to carry and when I click that option off the price was $26. Was the first time I’d seen that option and I wasn’t sure if I could cancel the transaction so I ended up walking three blocks in heavy rain with my photography equipment. If I would’ve known that I could’ve just taken the subway. The whole idea for taking a cab is not to walk, how much time does it save a driver to go an extra block when you got three people in a cab paying $18 each? I really hope Lyft and other similar services will not be starting this “Walk” service. At least give the full price to pick you up which is what you expect from a car service and let you make a decision from there and not pull what feels like a bait and switch.Btw I felt worse for the other woman riding in my pool she had a big Load of laundry and the driver dropped her off a block away in very heavy rain and she said she paid the higher rate to get dropped off at her location. How is it we are paying for car service that makes us walk blocks on both ends of our trip, feels more like very expensive public transportation.

more
Developer Response

Hi, this certainly sounds like a frustrating experience. Let's make sure we follow up with you regarding this. Send in a quick note to t.uber.com/contact and we'll connect.

more
I love this app however…….
06/21/2024
Buddagirlbroadwaylover

I love using Uber however regardless of how much I have on my voucher a lot of the time it is asking for my debit card, when this is going on I have over $100 dollars or more. Also the thing is this it isn’t like the voucher is not covering every single ride. I was told this is a glitch. Well the thing is I cannot afford to have this as an ongoing issue due to the fact that is how I am utilizing disability services. One time I was waiting on a ride and someone else took it. There was a time this month a driver canceled a ride even though I was already in her car. I get that may sound odd but I would have not canceled the ride being that I was already picked up. After the ride showed up as canceled I had noticed some of my voucher was already taken off. I have my county board of developmental disabilities giving me vouchers every month. When there is issues with these vouchers it causes me emotional distress. I have contacted the board, I have contacted the company that supplies the vouchers to the board and they have said reach out to Uber about a lot of issues. I am worried that at some point that if the vouchers are not going through that is going to screw me and a bunch of other people over. I do not have an option to get my driver’s license ( long story). I get that there is only so much that can be done. Thank you for providing transportation and customer service.

more
What’s New

We update the Uber app as often as possible to make it faster and more reliable for you. Here are a couple of the enhancements you'll find in the latest update:

- Updates to improve localization across the app
- Various bug fixes & improvements

Love the app? Rate us! Your feedback keeps the Uber engine running.
Have a question? Tap Help in the Uber app or visit help.uber.com.
more

Version 3.741.10001
2d ago
App Privacy

The developer, Uber Technologies, Inc., indicated that the app’s privacy practices may include handling of data as described below. For more information, see the developer’s privacy policy .

Data Used to Track You

The following data may be used to track you across apps and websites owned by other companies:

Purchases
Contact Info
Search History
Identifiers
Usage Data
Other Data
Data Linked to You

The following data may be collected and linked to your identity:

Purchases
Financial Info
Location
Contact Info
User Content
Search History
Identifiers
Usage Data
Sensitive Info
Diagnostics
Other Data

Privacy practices may vary, for example, based on the features you use or your age. Learn More

Accessibility

The developer has not yet indicated which accessibility features this app supports. Learn More

Information
Seller
Uber Technologies, Inc.
Size
Up to 463.6 MB
Category
Travel
Compatibility
Requires iOS 18.0 or later.
Location
This app may use your location even when it isn’t open, which can decrease device battery life.
Languages
English and 49 more
Age Rating
4+
Copyright
© (C) 2010-2026 Uber Technologies, Inc.
Developer Website
Privacy Policy
Supports
Siri

Use this app with Siri to help you get things done.

Wallet

The simplest way to get all your passes in one place.

Featured In
NEW FEATURES
5 Quick Tips for Your Next Uber Ride
More by Uber Technologies, Inc.
View
Uber Eats: Food & Groceries
Fresh grocery delivery & more
View
Uber - Driver: Drive & Deliver
Earn as a Driver or a Courier
View
Postmates - Food Delivery
Eats, groceries, and more.
View
Uber Eats Order Manager
Manage your business’s orders
View
Uber Freight
Easily Find & Book Loads
View
Uber Eats Manager
Manage your business anywhere
View
Uber Fleet
Travel
You Might Also Like
View
DiDi Rider: Affordable rides
Order a ride or food delivery
View
Lyft
One app. All the rides.
View
99: Rides, Food, Pay
Travel
View
Cabify
Own the city
View
inDrive. Save on city rides
Ride for less, drive for more!
View
BlaBlaCar: Carpooling and Bus
Smart travel by carpool & bus
View
Google Maps
Places, navigation & traffic
View
Picap: Transporte y mensajería
Travel
View
Pathao
Travel
View
Moovit: Bus & Transit Tracker
Metro Stop Finder, Train Times
United States
Español (México)
العربية
Русский
简体中文
Français (France)
한국어
Português (Brazil)
Tiếng Việt
繁體中文 (台灣)

Copyright © 2026 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.

Internet Service Terms
App Store & Privacy
Cookie Warning
Support