#META {"len": 11694, "status": 0, "err": ""}
#TX 0x3d2651d9c6189475ebf9fd91ecfe34abac274d7ef895723145209761d4039a0e
Search
Today
Games
Apps
Arcade
Categories
Categories
Photo & Video
Health & Fitness
Productivity
Entertainment
Action
Adventure
Puzzle
Indie
Platform
iPhone
iPad
Mac
Vision
Watch
TV
Messenger

Text, audio and video calls

Free · In‑App Purchases

14M RATINGS
4.7
AGE RATING
13+
In-App Controls
CHART
#10
Social Networking
DEVELOPER
Meta Platforms, Inc.
LANGUAGE
EN
+ 28 More
SIZE
267.8
MB
iPhone, iPad

Group video calls, voice calls, text messaging and more!

Messenger is a free messaging app that helps you connect with anyone, anywhere. Stay in touch with your friends and family, explore your interests with people like you, build your community, and share your vibe beyond words, all in one app.

CHAT AND CALL ANYONE, ANYWHERE
Find and connect with your friends and family on Facebook and Messenger, no phone number needed.

GET INSTANT ANSWERS FROM YOUR AI ASSISTANT*
Meta AI is your assistant that can answer any questions, give you advice, help with homework, and more.

SEND YOUR PHOTOS IN HIGH DEFINITION
Send and receive clearer, crisper picture of your favorite moments with Messenger.

CREATE SHARED ALBUMS
From a recent summer vacation to your grandma’s 80th birthday, create albums of photos and videos to share, organize and reminisce over important moments in your group chats.

EASILY ADD NEW CONNECTIONS WITH QR CODES
Connect with people you meet in real life by scanning their Messenger QR code or sharing yours via a link.

SHARE LARGE FILES DIRECTLY IN CHAT
Whether it’s a Word, PDF, or Excel doc, you can send large files up to 100MB right inside of Messenger.

EDIT AND UNSEND MESSAGES
Hit send too soon? You can edit the message up to 15 minutes after sending

DISAPPEARING MESSAGES
Some things aren’t meant to last forever. Choose how long your end-to-end encrypted chats stick around after they’ve been read.

COME TOGETHER WITH YOUR COMMUNITIES
Meaningfully connect with people like you from your school, neighborhood, and interest groups.

GET IN YOUR FAVORITE CREATORS’ INNER CIRCLE
Stay in the know with creators by joining their broadcast channels for authentic and casual content.

UNLEASH YOUR IMAGINATION W/ META AI*
Tap into your go-to creative partner to create, edit, animate images and more.

CAPTURE EVERYDAY MOMENTS ON STORIES
Highlight moments of your day using photos and videos that disappear after 24 hours in Stories.

DROP A NOTE WITH YOUR THOUGHTS
Stay connected with your friends by sharing quick updates that disappear after 24 hours.

BRING YOUR VIBE TO YOUR CHATS
Sometimes words just don’t cut it. Tap into more ways to express yourself with animated stickers, GIFs, reactions and more.

SET THE MOOD OF YOUR CHAT WITH THEMES
Customize your chat with a large and constantly evolving list of themes featuring popular artists, holidays, and more.

*Meta AI is available in select languages and countries only, with more coming soon.

more

Ratings & Reviews
4.7
out of 5
14M Ratings
Stop asking for reviews
6d ago
Tubalee Jollofbeatz

Can Facebook please release my suspended accounts tubalee Jollofbeatz that was linked to my banned instagram account please. I don’t see reason why Facebook decided to suspend my Facebook account of 15years of hard work and I had to start all over again because I cannot access only Facebook account because its was linked to my ban instagram account Jollofbeatz.I did nothing wrong on my instagram just to open it as usual and instagram ask for reviews and even after that I still got banned. I don’t think instagram are Facebook are doing the right thing. I think they should start asking reviews via emails or phone number that was attached to it and stop bringing people business down. The use of robots 🤖 aren’t really helping instead it’s destroying our business and the platform that people have already started using it to know us the users. And also instagram needs to stop asking for a new name instead of asking users to use the same name but they would rather ask users to add letters to their name. This would really help us users to continue with our existing names and account instead creating new accounts every time thank you. I’m still looking forward to seeing you guys release my suspended Facebook account (tubalee Jollofbeatz) links to my instagram.🙏🙏

more
one fix needs to be made
06/18/2018
valdibel

This is a great app although I agree with billyjoeee about how you should figure out (fix rather) the searching for old messages thing. I need to see old messages to get important information and am unable to do that because it is not easy to just search for the first messages and find them directly. Hopefully this can be fixed... I know many who do not like this and want it to be fixed as well and many who will not speak up and write a review may think the same. Don’t want to go through having to pull out a laptop (that i never use... mostly on my phone, as are many, we’re in 2018 ...) and it would be more effective if you would just fix this issue so that we could have easy access to older messages dating even years back (that may contain important information that one needs to use...). Also. Upon opening a conversation and typing the app brings itself back to the home page ( where all conversations are) and I have to reopen that person’s message and start all over. don’t know if others have this problem... might be my phone?... Next. When I send a message it shows automatically that that person is active when I know it is not the case. Another bug?... Overall amazing app though other than those three little teeny bugs. Recommend this to many who have friends they want to keep in contact with but do not have their phone number. Also recommend to those needing to communicate with others internationally( USA to EUROPE, ASIA) !! Amazing App overall (disregarding minor flaws) !! love it 💕💕💕

more
From USA 🇺🇸 to SCOTLAND 🏴󠁧󠁢󠁳󠁣󠁴󠁿
03/27/2025
Why limitations

Coming from the days when teenagers would tie up the family phone line for hours - just sitting on the line w your bestie, one who you just spent most of ur day at school, you get chores done-homework complete & sit on the phone for the rest of the night - not saying much of anything-The only way anyone else might get thru would be a Emergency Breakthrough- Additionally if the person who made the call is outside of the others city limit- well that call is going to COST YOU.! We’ll cost your parent paying the mo. bill - While today … we get on iMessenger & ⏰talk for hours with out any long distance fees! Imagine the money spent on Long-Distance and let me tell you … it was never cheap..! So when ask for a review or to critique my 1.56hr. conversation- It was splendid 📱🎖️To imagine the savings well … i’d take a high phone bill vs. all the added modern conveniences the internet has brought us - The trade off - well there isn’t one - but communicating w a friend across the pond for hours at no additional cost is one positive perk and wonder just how long it’ll last-They soon will figure out a way to take more for the lil they already got for free and we the consumer will roll over since we don’t have a choice !

more
Mixed
10/24/2025
Robert Hk

I am mostly enjoying the Messenger app in terms of its features and functionality.One of the ways I feel displeased with it is that, when I’m on Facebook and I casually tap on something that I’m curious about, just to see what it is, I suddenly find that I’m getting messages from the business that is involved. I want to be able to check something out without getting on someone’s contact list and receiving solicitations from them, as if I asked them to contact me. I want to be asked whether or not I want to be contacted by a vendor and not automatically have my contact info sent to be solicited when I simply wanted to take a peek at something that looked kind of interesting. This makes me want to avoid ads or anything that might be connected to a business. My other concern is somewhat related. It is the general distrust I have towards Meta regarding privacy, tracking, Etc. I feel like they’re always trying to see what they can get away with and often get caught overreaching and putting profit before respecting people‘s privacy rights. They seem to only back down or back off when they are caught and then give a tepid apology, only to do it again a little while later; like their “sorry“ is really, “sorry we were caught“ and not, “sorry we we’re not respectful of your rights.” It seems like disregarding privacy rights is just part of their business model and that they figure that the benefits outweigh the cost; like it’s a mathematical calculation, rather than a value or standard towards respecting others.

more
What’s New

We update our app regularly to make it even better for you to easily connect to the people that matter. Update to the latest version to get all the new features and improvements.

This release includes:
- Fixes for crashes within messaging experiences
- Performance improvements to remove latency in some of our core experiences
- iOS 26 support

Have a question? Tap Help in the Messenger app or visit
[facebook.com/help/messenger-app]
more

Version 580.0.0
Sep 23
App Privacy

The developer, Meta Platforms, Inc., indicated that the app’s privacy practices may include handling of data as described below. For more information, see the developer’s privacy policy .

Data Linked to You

The following data may be collected and linked to your identity:

Health & Fitness
Purchases
Financial Info
Location
Contact Info
Contacts
User Content
Search History
Browsing History
Identifiers
Usage Data
Sensitive Info
Diagnostics
Other Data

Privacy practices may vary, for example, based on the features you use or your age. Learn More

Accessibility

The developer has not yet indicated which accessibility features this app supports. Learn More

Information
Seller
Meta Platforms, Inc.
Size
267.8 MB
Category
Social Networking
Compatibility
Requires iOS 15.1 or later.
Location
This app may use your location even when it isn’t open, which can decrease device battery life.
Languages
English and 28 more
Age Rating
13+
In-App Purchases
Yes
Copyright
© 2022 Meta
Developer Website
Privacy Policy
License Agreement
Supports
Siri

Use this app with Siri to help you get things done.

More by Meta Platforms, Inc.
View
Facebook
Connection starts here
View
Muse from Meta
Your personal AI agent
View
Meta Business Suite
Business
View
Meta Horizon
Step Into Endless Experiences
View
Messenger Kids
The Messaging App for Kids
View
Meta AI
Your personal AI assistant
View
Meta Ads Manager
Formerly Facebook Ads Manager
View
Workplace from Meta
Business
View
Forum, a Facebook app
Dedicated space for groups
View
Facebook Creator Studio
Daily tips to grow & engage
View
Seller, a Facebook app
All your selling in one place.
View
Meta Viewpoints
Complete tasks & surveys
View
Pocket: Make Gizmos
A new creative platform
You Might Also Like
View
Rakuten Viber Messenger
Message with Confidence
View
WhatsApp Messenger
Simple. Reliable. Private.
View
Zalo
Fast. Stable. Private.
View
Telegram Messenger
Fast. Secure. Powerful.
View
Friendly Social Browser
for Facebook, Twitter & more
View
BOSS Revolution: Call & Top up
International Calls, Recharge
View
Status Saver Video Photo Save
Story Downloader, Image Editor
View
TextNow: Call + Text Unlimited
Phone Number & Data Plans
View
Google Meet
Video calling and meetings
View
Kik Messaging & Chat App
Messaging, Chatting & Live
United States
Español (México)
العربية
Русский
简体中文
Français (France)
한국어
Português (Brazil)
Tiếng Việt
繁體中文 (台灣)

Copyright © 2026 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.

Internet Service Terms
App Store & Privacy
Cookie Warning
Support