#META {"len": 9861, "status": 0, "err": ""}
#TX 0x0fbd92509b937ab3687c341aa118258d3ba53771c8c68cc8fe62a364e8c3a85a
Search
Today
Games
Apps
Arcade
Categories
Categories
Photo & Video
Health & Fitness
Productivity
Entertainment
Action
Adventure
Puzzle
Indie
Platform
iPhone
iPad
Mac
Vision
Watch
TV
Temu: Shop Like a Billionaire

Shop incredible deals on Temu!

Free

2.2M RATINGS
4.7
AGE RATING
13+
Years
CHART
#3
Shopping
DEVELOPER
Temu
LANGUAGE
EN
+ 50 More
SIZE
61.8
MB
iPhone, iPad

Shop on Temu for exclusive offers.

No matter what you're looking for, Temu has you covered, including fashion, home decor, handmade crafts, beauty & cosmetics, clothing, shoes, and more.

Download Temu today and enjoy incredible deals daily.

WIDE SELECTION
Discover thousands of new products and shops.

CONVENIENCE
Fast and secure checkout.
Free shipping & returns within 90 days.
*Other conditions may apply

Visit temu.com or follow us on:
Instagram: https://www.instagram.com/temu/
TikTok: https://www.tiktok.com/@temu
Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/shoptemu
Youtube: https://www.youtube.com/@temu
more

Events
NOW AVAILABLE
MAJOR UPDATE
Your Garage, Upgraded

Save your vehicle details. Get compatibility filters for vehicle part searches. Add up to 20 cars and switch with a tap.

HAPPENING NOW
SPECIAL EVENT
Sticker Up Your New Devices

Discover aesthetic stickers on Temu and customize your devices your way—cute, cool, and totally you.

Ratings & Reviews
4.7
out of 5
2.2M Ratings
Food for thought
06/11/2024
No stars for clothes

Have purchased many items from your company but stopped doing so because the clothing is great disappointment and have received many things doppel and even triple. You have my credit card on file and therefore you can charge my account at will. Some orders were either lost or possible stolen and some packages were highly damaged even to the point that someone could remove items at will( I still have the pictures on my camera to substantiate my claim) have called several times to speak with a manager and was told that one was not available but I will receive a call back which I never did by the way and that has been a total turnoff. I have been hospitalized and in rehab several times since I started shopping with your company and that was one of the reason I missed the deadline for returns and as I stated I received duplicate orders and it would be a pain to return them, especially since I was told that I had to return items separately. Therefore I am inundated with items I never ordered and still have in my possession. If I don’t get I response after sending you this detailed message I guess I learned my lesson not to order items sight unseen and will donate the items I still have to either Goodwill or some other worthy cause. I know this message is lenghtly but someone else might benefit but it is mostly for your information since you have grown by meets and bounds and overall your company provides a service for people that do not have ready access to stores

more
DON’T MISS OUT
08/29/2023
guolingjing

First of all, if you haven't used app yet make sure to enter the reward coupon «3️⃣3️⃣0️⃣3️⃣4️⃣9️⃣3️⃣7️⃣0️⃣» on the sign up screen to get a $100 bonus! I have spent about $150 so far on Temu. I have loved everything so far except for one thing and I have probably bought 30 items. I was pleasantly surprised with the quality of most things. Some were better than others but for the price I sure can't complain. I will be back for sure. You can't lose even if one thing turns out not so great because it is so inexpensive. The shipping is fast for what is probably coming from over seas. maybe a week or little more.They will text you a lot of times with updates on your order so you are never left in the dark wondering where your package is. I love getting a deal so Temu is my kind of place to shop. I recommend looking around on the site for the best deal because many times they will have it cheaper from a different seller suppose because there are multiples of similar items. They also send you coupons sometimes. If you have friend who you can sign up you can get a lot of free stuff but I didn't want to bother anyone. I like to wait til they send me a coupon to place an order. Try it you will like it. Warning most the time when they offer free gifts you are going to have to get friends to sign up and you will play games to get the points then you will need more points to win and you will need more points to win and you will need friends to sign up to actually win the prizes you have!!

more
Great for deals if you choose carefully
02/04/2025
Bananananananananananananana1

Temu sells a lot of stuff, and a lot of it is heavily discounted. Unfortunately there are a lot of counterfeits or very poor quality items that you might end up buying, but if you take the time to look through the reviews and see what other people have mentioned about it, it helps narrow down the choice for high quality choices.Also some of Temu’s promotions are very solid in return value, while some of them are downright not worth it at all. Always look into the “free items” or “returned credits” conditions to get a clearer idea of what you’re getting in return. Personally I like the returned as credit promotions, and the free item ones usually aren’t that great unless it’s exactly what you were looking for. With the return in credits, you can use the credits to purchase what you were actually interested in.Bonus tip: if you find a promotion that is actually worth it, like spend 65-75 dollars and get 50 dollar worth of credits back over 7 days, Temu usually only lets you choose from an infinite scrolling list in the promotions. A small way around that is to make sure you have all the items you were interested/ vetted to make sure they were reputable first loaded into your cart. Temu’s infinite scrolling will give you random choices but the algorithm is catered to items you’ve looked up or normally purchase, so if you happen to see that reputable item that is currently in your main cart, you know it’s a solid buy that you can add to the promotion’s cart.

more
Developer Response

Hi, thanks for shopping with us and sharing your 5-star experience! We are so glad you’ve been enjoying your experience so far. Customer satisfaction is of the utmost importance and we are constantly working to improve our service quality. If you need any assistance, please message us through Temu.com or Temu app live chat. Best wishes, Temu Team

more
Ok.. could be better
06/01/2024
Terrible 🙄

You can find anything and everything on Temu. The thing is, it is not going to of top notch quality. Items are rather cheap in both aspects. Some items I’ve gotten have been great. But a lot of others have been terrible. My packages always arrive damaged and it’s not uncommon to receive wrong items or sizes or not receive all items ordered. But Temu has been great about refunds and return for all orders that weren’t correct or came damaged or defective. There are opportunities to run free items. You just have to go through hoops. If you know a lot of people that don’t already have Temu then you should be able to take advantage of and benefit from the free gift tasks. There are also always promos. Some are good and some not so much. The rules are not ever defined before you accept the promo. Also, you do get coupons but they’re never really worth it anymore. When I first started purchasing from Temu the coupons and the promos were great. Either it was only for new customers or they’ve made a lot of changes and it’s affected customer rewards. There are games inside Temu that you can play to earn free items. But don’t think it will be easy or a quick process. It is at first until you get to .05 cents give or take a FEW cents. Then it seems nearly impossible to complete the requirements. I am on Temu a lot just looking at stuff. I do find it interesting all of the items they have. I’ve made several purchases and I’ve only received a mascara for free. So it’s not as advertised.

more
What’s New

We're committed to providing you with the best shopping experience! Experience the newest features, items, deals, and improvements on the latest version of the Temu app!

Version 4.87.0
2d ago
App Privacy

The developer, Temu, indicated that the app’s privacy practices may include handling of data as described below. For more information, see the developer’s privacy policy .

Data Linked to You

The following data may be collected and linked to your identity:

Purchases
Financial Info
Location
Contact Info
User Content
Search History
Identifiers
Usage Data
Diagnostics

Privacy practices may vary, for example, based on the features you use or your age. Learn More

Accessibility

The developer has not yet indicated which accessibility features this app supports. Learn More

Information
Seller
Whaleco Inc.
Size
61.8 MB
Category
Shopping
Compatibility
Requires iOS 13.0 or later.
Languages
English and 50 more
Age Rating
13+
Copyright
© Whaleco Inc.
Privacy Policy
Supports
Wallet

The simplest way to get all your passes in one place.

More by Temu
View
Whalek
Enterprise communication tool
You Might Also Like
View
Wish: Shop and Save
Fashion, Decor & Electronics
View
Alibaba.com B2B Trade App
Buy direct from manufacturers
View
SHEIN - Shopping Online
Fashion for Everyone
View
AliExpress - Shopping App
Shop deals on better choices
View
Made-in-China.com B2B Trade
Get factory wholesale price
View
Trendyol: Online Shopping
Latest trends and so much more
View
Jumia Online Shopping
The online shop you can trust
View
adidas: Shop Shoes & Clothing
Discover Sneakers and Clothes
View
Zara Home
Home decor
View
PatPat - Kids & Baby Clothing
Cute baby & kids clothes
United States
Español (México)
العربية
Русский
简体中文
Français (France)
한국어
Português (Brazil)
Tiếng Việt
繁體中文 (台灣)

Copyright © 2026 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.

Internet Service Terms
App Store & Privacy
Cookie Warning
Support