#META {"len": 12313, "status": 0, "err": ""}
#TX 0x18841782bcaf1a318cf2d45e1a593ba53e51e8653b58c4ff3d299f09baf69167
Search
Today
Games
Apps
Arcade
Categories
Categories
Photo & Video
Health & Fitness
Productivity
Entertainment
Action
Adventure
Puzzle
Indie
Platform
iPhone
iPad
Mac
Vision
Watch
TV
CapCut: Photo & Video Editor

Video maker with music

Free · In‑App Purchases

1.1M RATINGS
4.6
AGE RATING
13+
In-App Controls
CHART
#2
Photo & Video
DEVELOPER
Bytedance Pte. Ltd
LANGUAGE
EN
+ 20 More
SIZE
814.7
MB
Also Included In
View
Video & Photo Editing Kit
Photo & Video
iPhone, iPad, Mac

CapCut offers easy-to-use video editing functions, in-APP fonts and effects, advanced features such as keyframe animation, smooth slow-motion, chroma key, and stabilization, to help you capture and snip moments.

Create fancy videos with other unique features: auto captions, text-to-speech, motion tracking, and background removal. Show your personality and go viral on TikTok, YouTube, Instagram, WhatsApp, and Facebook!

FEATURES
Basic video editing
• Trim and shorten clips and split or merge videos.
• Adjust video speed from 0.1x to 100x, and apply speed curves to clips.
• Animate video clips with incredible zoom in/out effects.
• Highlight the best moments with the freeze feature.
• Explore transition options with awesome effects on and between clips.

Advanced video editor
• Keyframe video animation is available for all settings.
• Edit videos to create smooth slow-motion with the optical flow feature and speed curve tool.
• Use the chroma key to remove specific colors from videos.
• Easy to arrange and preview clips on multi-track timeline.
• The stabilizing feature keeps video footage steady.

Intelligent features
• Auto captions: automate speech recognition and subtitles in videos.
• Text-to-speech: apply text-to-speech in multiple languages and voices.
• Background removal: automatically remove backgrounds.

Text & Stickers
• Add text to videos with different fonts and styles, choose unique text templates. Fonts can be imported locally.
• Subtitles can be added to the timeline of video tracks and can be moved and adjusted in one step.

Trending Effects & Filters
• Match video content with diverse filters that are updated weekly with the latest trends.
• Edit videos with hundreds of trending effects, including Glitch, Blur, 3D, etc.
• Add movie-style video filters or adjust video brightness, contrast, etc.

Music & Sound Effects
• Add millions of music clips and sound effects to videos.
• Extract audio, clips, and recordings from videos.

Easy to Share
• Custom video export resolution, HD video editor supports 4K 60fps exports and smart HDR.
• Adjust the format and share with your friends on social media platforms.

CapCut is an all-in-one video editor and video maker application with everything you need to create stunning, high-quality videos. Beginners can get started with CapCut in a matter of seconds, while advanced users can enjoy all the functions they need to edit videos.

Terms of Service —
https://www.capcut.com/clause/terms-of-service

Privacy Policy —
https://www.capcut.net/clause/privacy

Contact Us
Any questions about CapCut? Please contact us at capcut.support@bytedance.com.
Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/capcutapp
Instagram: https://www.instagram.com/capcutapp
YouTube: https://www.youtube.com/capcutofficial
TikTok: https://www.tiktok.com/@capcut
more

Events
NOW AVAILABLE
MAJOR UPDATE
AI video magic

The AI video feature now supports Seedance, Veo 3, and other models, turning text or images into quality videos fast.

NOW AVAILABLE
MAJOR UPDATE
AI Photo Editor

Explore trending styles and turn viral looks into portraits, posters, and more. It's all free.

Ratings & Reviews
4.6
out of 5
1.1M Ratings
Storage issues and more
12/31/2024
Izzyehh

I love capcut, I’ve been using this app since August (of 2024) and 4 months later, (December 2024) I’ve been having issues with this app. First, in the app u literally have to pay for capcut pro, which is fine, but the prices are pretty high. Like I know they do like 65% off, but I don’t know if that’s helping as much. In my opinion, I personally think Capcut is money hungry. Second, the storage issue, I ended up deleting all my videos and edits for storage and deleted many apps for that storage, and it still says I need to delete my storage in order to use capcut and edit on there, I restarted my phone and that worked but 5 minutes later it just get worse. I hope capcut that u fix that issue. The good part about capcut is that it’s free, there are many options to choose for your edits, and you can watch templates but the bad side of templates is that some content creators post Inappropriate and disturbing for many people. This app is 12+ who the heck wants to watch people in weird outfits showing off there body like what the sigma. I can’t even let my 9 year old sister to watch templates it’s like tiktok but u can use the templates like who wants to use those green screens that are too inappropriate? Not me for sure, and when I reported them nothings happened it’s like people like watching and using that cringeness. There should be controls on what u should watch because that is just cringe…. Overall I rate capcut 3 stars.

more
I love this app but…
08/03/2024
wow lots of nicknames

Well, when I go into Camera, there is no more make up a.k.a. the fairy, the make up, and stuff. I don’t know if people have been using them badly and that is why you took them off, or it is just a bug. I have been wanting to use them for so long but they’re gone. So, I have been wondering, if you will check it out, or you purposely took them off. Also, a lot of other stuff has been getting taken off. Again, if you can take a look, that would be great, or if you purposely took them off I am perfectly fine with that. Just warning you. Also when for some reason I deleted this app and got it back I look for all my templates and videos I made but they aren’t showing up. I tried everything I signed into my account but it still didn’t work. I am extremely sad because I usually don’t save all my important templates or videos because I don’t want to take up storage but now I don’t even have them. I also read some other reviews and some other people are having this problem. Please get to this problem. It seems that you are ignoring all the reviews if you are not, and you are reading this, please do something about this. Also, whenever I make some certain videos, it says that the part of the video was deleted, but I didn’t delete any part of the video so now the important parts of my video are gone, the funny parts, the sad parts and maybe boring parts that are still wanted. I really hope that you can get to this because I lost some of my very important videos parts of my important videos and some filters. Hope you can get to this. Thank you.

more
STOP MAKING EVERYTHING PRO!
09/03/2024
Pizza4U&Me

I rater this high, only because I do think the app is very good for editing. I just hate how they keep adding things to pro. I will not pay 100 dollars just to have one feature I used to be able to have. I don’t want to have to switch over to a different app, but if I have to, I very much will. It makes me very angry to see such simple things such as “SMOOTH SLOW MOTION” turn into a pro feature. I can take a video in my camera roll and edit a part to be slow motion for free, so why does it need to be paid for in CapCut? There is no reason for everything needing to be paid for when they are such simple things. I understand the more advanced features being pro, but seriously? Slow motion? Seriously? I would appreciate if you guys actually read this review and realized how many people are frustrated by the amount of things turning into pro features. And another thing, the hashtags. Trying to search something is painful because the only thing showing up is two items of what you actually searched and about a hundred ads or things that just have a high amount of likes. If I want to search and find something that I saw WITH THE HASHTAG I would like if it actually showed up when I go to look for it again. Please fix this. And please stop making so many features pro, it’s really frustrating as a person that isn’t even making money from this and only using this app for fun. I don’t even have an account, I simple wanted to use CapCut to make edits for fun, and if I have to, I will switch to Alight motion. Please read and consider this.

more
This is why I love CapCut so much
01/07/2025
The gvj,gmtyf

Is an amazing app it’s the best app possible if you want to edit videos if you want to have videos for show if you want to add videos too you can make your own edit by just trying. I know it doesn’t look very nice. I know it doesn’t look cute but in my opinion, I read five stars is not the best app, but it actually is the best app you can make your own videos. That’s really good. I wanna make my own videos but if you wanna edit videos, you wanna edit the photos cause it doesn’t look right CapCut video editor and it’s in the picture. Editor is the best app for like constant on TikTok. I didn’t even know about CapCut. I heard it from TikTok but it’s an amazing app is the best app. I love this app so much in the creator of CapCut. I hope you read this. I love CapCut so much. I’m reading at five stars but if you look at it and you see it and if you like it, I’ll want you to read a five stars. I’m based on my life review. You would want to see it and visit it out because you say I read at five stars and my title is this is why I love CapCut so much. And it’ll be so fun and you can go like I always wanted a brother I always wanted a sister. I always want a cousin just like you. I always wanted to mama I always wanted a dad just like you like it’s so fun. I love this app and I love everything like about this app like I can’t even explain it because I’m so happy so write this for you. This is the best review ever all of apps. Love you and I hope you make More. Have a nice day.

more
What’s New

- Fixed some known issues and improved the trimming experience.
We thank you for supporting CapCut and look forward to creating beautiful moments together.

Version 19.6.0
Sep 21
App Privacy

The developer, Bytedance Pte. Ltd, indicated that the app’s privacy practices may include handling of data as described below. For more information, see the developer’s privacy policy .

Data Used to Track You

The following data may be used to track you across apps and websites owned by other companies:

Identifiers
Data Linked to You

The following data may be collected and linked to your identity:

Contact Info
User Content
Identifiers
Usage Data
Diagnostics

Privacy practices may vary, for example, based on the features you use or your age. Learn More

Accessibility

The developer has not yet indicated which accessibility features this app supports. Learn More

Information
Seller
BYTEDANCE PTE. LTD.
Size
814.7 MB
Category
Photo & Video
Compatibility
Requires iOS 15.0 or later.
Languages
English and 20 more
Age Rating
13+
In-App Purchases
Yes
Copyright
© CapCut
Developer Website
Privacy Policy
Featured In
TRY NOW
Give Your Content a Glow‑Up

Craft beautiful photos and videos, post across platforms, and grow your audience.

TRY NOW
Get the Most Out of Mac Virtual Display

Level up your productivity and see your content on the big screen.

More by Bytedance Pte. Ltd
View
Hypic - Photo Editor & AI Art
Beauty maker, Retouch, Filters
View
Dreamina AI: Image&Video Maker
Star in any dream.
You Might Also Like
View
TrimCut - Video Editor
Caption, Music, Video Maker
View
Picsart AI Photo Editor, Video
Retouch, Video, Collage Maker
View
InShot - Video Editor
Photo, Collage & Video Maker
View
YouCut - AI Video Editor
Video maker with music, edits
View
Alight Motion
Motion Design & Video Effects
View
VivaCut - AI Video Editor
Transition effect, Editing app
View
Super Screen Recorder: Full HD
Game Video Recorder & Editor
View
Filmmaker Pro - Video Editor
Video & Photo Editor Super App
View
PhotoGrid: Video Collage Maker
Editor,Layout,Eraser,Retouch
View
Splice - Video Editor & Maker
Editing movie and music videos
United States
Español (México)
العربية
Русский
简体中文
Français (France)
한국어
Português (Brazil)
Tiếng Việt
繁體中文 (台灣)

Copyright © 2026 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.

Internet Service Terms
App Store & Privacy
Cookie Warning
Support