#META {"len": 11346, "status": 0, "err": ""}
#TX 0x8e1329b26820ece52d28a933ee152b6900f651a8a1849a4face7a90a7cb3a29c
Search
Today
Games
Apps
Arcade
Categories
Categories
Photo & Video
Health & Fitness
Productivity
Entertainment
Action
Adventure
Puzzle
Indie
Platform
iPhone
iPad
Mac
Vision
Watch
TV
Shazam: Find Music & Concerts

Identify Songs, Live Shows

Free

8.8M RATINGS
4.9
AGE RATING
13+
Years
CHART
#6
Music
DEVELOPER
Apple
LANGUAGE
EN
+ 18 More
SIZE
52.7
MB
iPhone, iPad, iMessage

"What's that song? Shazam will instantly identify music playing around you or in apps like TikTok, Instagram, YouTube & Snapchat. Discover concerts near you, song lyrics, videos & more. With tens of millions of daily users, Shazam is trusted by music lovers worldwide.

Shazam has thousands of five star reviews and is a top rated music app.

""Shazam is a gift... a game changer"" - Pharrell Williams, GQ
""I don't know how we ever survived before Shazam"" - Marshmello
“Shazam is a kind of magic… You hear a song, hold your phone up like a wand and it tells you exactly what song it is, who sang it and lets you add it to your playlist or share it to your social media… How is that not magic?!” - Calum Scott

WHY YOU'LL LOVE IT

* Identify music in an instant.
* Discover live shows near you from your favorite artists or through curated recommendations.
* Recognize songs even when you're offline, using headphones or on a different app.
* Revisit your music discovery history in your library anytime.
* Get recommended songs and playlists similar to the music you’ve discovered.

USE SHAZAM ANYWHERE, ANYTIME

* Enable the Shazam widgets on your Lock Screen or Home Screen.
* Ask Siri: “What’s this song?” to use Shazam hands-free.
* Automate music discovery with the Shazam Shortcut in the Shortcuts app.

CONNECT WITH YOUR MUSIC

* Unlock extras from artists around the world.
* Open any song directly in Apple Music, Spotify, Youtube Music, Amazon Music & Deezer.
* Listen and add songs directly to your Apple Music playlists.
* Watch music videos of the songs you discover in Apple Music or YouTube.
* Follow along to songs with real-time, karaoke-style lyrics.
* See what’s trending locally and globally with Shazam Charts.

Optional App Permission
▪ Microphone: To identify a song that’s playing around you when you tap to Shazam.
▪ Location: To show you where your songs were identified, display upcoming events in your area, and improve the quality of the service.
▪ Notification: To send you notifications that are personalized based on your Shazam activity.

You can use Shazam even without providing consent to any of the above optional app permissions. However, some features of the service may not be available.

Availability and features may vary by country.
For more information on Shazam's privacy practices, please read the Privacy Policy, available at: https://www.apple.com/legal/privacy/.
Find out more and get support from AppleCare at: https://support.apple.com/guide/shazam/welcome"
more

Events
HAPPENING NOW
SPECIAL EVENT
Myles Smith

View upcoming shows, get wallpapers and more from the tour.

HAPPENING NOW
SPECIAL EVENT
Find Your Next Show

Discover upcoming concerts, from artists you love to popular shows happening nearby. Browse venues, tickets, and more.

Ratings & Reviews
4.9
out of 5
8.8M Ratings
Regular Shazam Smasher
Jul 18
annabobanna

Been using Shazam for many years and it is one of the most important apps to me - being one who will often hears a song and know I already love it after the first few drumbeats. I could be in a grocery store, gym, hair salon, or taking notice of a soundtrack playing underneath a tv show in my living room. In the old days, I used to try hard to listen to a part of a lyric so I could Google it hoping it gives me the correct name and artist of the song I heard. (I think I even shushed everyone up in a restaurant so I could figure out what a little bit of the lyrics of a song silently playing in the background). With Shazam, I don’t need to try that hard. Now all I need to do is smash the Shazam button on my phone. Shazam is so good at picking most songs up and telling me the names and artists. There was one time my Uber driver was playing a pop song in Taiwanese, and it sounded so good but I didn’t understand a word it was saying. So I went to my app, tapped the big round Shazam circle to quickly record the song and it told me the name and title of the artist, which were in Taiwanese characters which I couldn’t read — but that didn’t even matter because another amazing feature is Shazam lets me add songs right to my Apple playlist, and that’s exactly what I did. It’s pretty good at picking up songs playing at low volume, but to be sure, I try to raise my phone up to get my Shazam app to hear/record as close to the source as possible.

more
Best App Ever !
10/13/2019
Kmaegical

I’ve been using Shazam’s app since they launched ! I love this app , and i use it for multiple things! I like to use Shazam when I hear a new song and want to upload it to a playlist on my Apple Music , or if I hear an old song and just want to add it to my recent lists of music to listen to ! Also , when you can’t figure out the words and your having a debate about they correct lyrics, it’s a great reference and almost always spot on accurate! I love the auto Shazam’s feature , in case I want to add music I like from a friends playlist so I can explore later on my own time ! Thanks for the best app ever guys , hands down all around the board for this one ! You guys are genius ! Love y’all! Update : my only current issue is navigating to the blue Shazam button every since the upgrade , it’s really annoying not being able to find it , esp when your at the end of a great song and your in some settings or some recent mixes y’all curate for us , I love the feature however I need my blue button back on a main separate screen and Easy to find like the old Shazam’s I grew accustomed to. Other that that , great app , I hope you guys take this as constructive criticism , and for anyone who hasn’t ever used the app , don’t let this scare you off , it definitely still way worth it to download it . This small function is something I’m sure newbies wouldn’t even notice being new users and easily taught new tricks, lol , but ya Shazam’s veterans seem to be all having an issue with this feature or the lack there of ..

more
Amazing at how it gets it Wrong but in a good way!
12/27/2025
Brookzybaby

There’s this one thing that Shazam does so well since it’s infancy. That is not give you the song that you actually wanted. Hey, has it gradually gotten better over the years? Yes it has but that’s not why I use it. I use it to find the music that I didn’t know about I would never know about because we’re all stuck in our little bubbles. Not complaining it does when it’s supposed to do find rhythms chords that are in a certain pattern and gives you a suggestion. Of what that song might be as a music producer a DJ or I should just say a lover of music. I literally can’t live without it. It has to be on all the time, I find this feature, not a bug of Shazam as one of the greatest gifts, a music app could give to me. I have broaden my musical taste. I have fell in love with international artists that sounded like American artist that I would’ve never even heard about. I get to introduce new music to my friends that I’m passionate about all because I like a beat a rhythm accord or a song. And I use Shazam to find out what it is and granted most of time especially with commercial Pop, music hip-hop, etc. etc.. but that 79.9% of the time that he gets it wrong is the golden goose an egg. Every day I get to eat them sunny side up.

more
Amazing, wish it worked differently in the car
Mar 16
Romeo Bravo Tango

As a teen in the 90’s I once heard a song on the radio I loved and later called the station to ask what song it was. The person who answered the phone had no idea what I was talking about. For another song I went to the CD store and looked through a big book with everything they could order. That time I eventually found it. These were songs by They Might Be Giants and The Turtles, respectively, so not obscure stuff by any means. So this app makes me feel like I’m living in an optimistic science fiction story from decades ago. I’m amazed at what it can do.That said, I wish it worked differently with CarPlay. I often listen to the radio in my car but have my iPhone plugged in in case someone calls me, I need Maps, etc. if I hear I song I want to Shazam and ask Siri to Shazam the song, then the phone makes Shazam the active music source, thus stopping the song I want it to identify… I suspect that my use case is more common than someone wanting to actually play things from Shazam over CarPlay. If users are divided maybe there could be a toggle to tell it how to behave? I’m sure it’d be harder to implement than it sounds but thanks for thinking about it.

more
What’s New

Thanks for using Shazam! We’re always working hard to make the app faster and better than ever. Update to the most recent version to enjoy the latest and greatest Shazam.

Don’t forget to keep your Shazam History safe and in sync between your devices. Simply turn on iCloud sync in Shazam Settings.

Love the app? Rate us! Your feedback is music to our ears, and it helps us make Shazam even better. Got a question? Visit support.shazam.com.
more

Version 27.0
Sep 22
App Privacy

The developer, Apple, indicated that the app’s privacy practices may include handling of data as described below. For more information, see the developer’s privacy policy .

Data Linked to You

The following data may be collected and linked to your identity:

Purchases
Location
Identifiers
Usage Data
Diagnostics
Other Data
Data Not Linked to You

The following data may be collected but it is not linked to your identity:

Location
Search History
Usage Data
Diagnostics

Privacy practices may vary, for example, based on the features you use or your age. Learn More

Accessibility

The developer indicated that this app supports the following accessibility features. Learn More

Supported Features
VoiceOver
Voice Control
Larger Text
Dark Interface
Differentiate Without Color Alone
Sufficient Contrast
Reduced Motion
Captions
Information
Seller
Apple Inc.
Size
52.7 MB
Category
Music
Compatibility
Requires iOS 18.0 or later.
Languages
English and 18 more
Age Rating
13+
Copyright
Copyright © 2025 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
Developer Website
Privacy Policy
Featured In
DEEP DIVE
5 Shazam Tips and Tricks

Identify a song that’s playing—and a whole lot more.

More by Apple
View
Apple Books
Read, listen, discover.
View
Apple Podcasts
Audio and video podcasts
View
Find My Friends
Social Networking
View
Keynote: Design Presentations
Build and present your story
View
Apple Store
Shopping designed around you
View
iMovie
Turn videos into movie magic
View
GarageBand
Make great music anywhere
View
Pages: Create Documents
Write, layout, and design
View
Numbers: Make Spreadsheets
Plan, organize, and visualize
View
Apple Support
We’re here to help
View
TestFlight
Beta testing made simple
View
iTunes Remote
Entertainment
View
AirPort Utility
Utilities
United States
Español (México)
العربية
Русский
简体中文
Français (France)
한국어
Português (Brazil)
Tiếng Việt
繁體中文 (台灣)

Copyright © 2026 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.

Internet Service Terms
App Store & Privacy
Cookie Warning
Support