Search
Today
Games
Apps
Arcade
Categories
Categories
Photo & Video
Health & Fitness
Productivity
Entertainment
Action
Adventure
Puzzle
Indie
Platform
iPhone
iPad
Mac
Vision
Watch
TV
Instagram

Videos, creators & friends

Free · In‑App Purchases

30M RATINGS
4.7
AGE RATING
13+
In-App Controls
CHART
#3
Photo & Video
DEVELOPER
Instagram, Inc.
LANGUAGE
EN
+ 38 More
SIZE
611.2
MB
iPhone, iPad

Little moments lead to big friendships. Share yours on Instagram.
— From Meta

Connect with friends, find other fans, and see what people around you are up to and into. Explore your interests and post what's going on, from your daily moments to life's highlights.

Share what you’re up to and into:
- Turn your life into a movie and discover short, entertaining videos on Instagram with Reels.
- Keep up with friends on the fly with Stories and Notes that disappear after 24 hours.
- Start group chats and share unfiltered moments with your Close Friends.
- Share memories from recent events or trips in Feed.
- Customize your posts with exclusive templates, music, stickers and filters.

Dive into your interests.
- Watch videos from your favorite creators and discover new content that’s personalized to your interests.
- Get inspired by photos and videos from new accounts in Explore.
- Discover brands and small businesses, and shop products that are relevant to your personal style.

Some Instagram features may not be available in your country or region.

Terms and Policies: https://help.instagram.com/581066165581870

Consumer Health Privacy Policy: https://privacycenter.instagram.com/policies/health

Learn how we're working to help keep our communities safe across Meta technologies at the Instagram Safety Center: https://about.instagram.com/safety
more

Events
NOW AVAILABLE
PREMIERE
Close Friends Only

Kai and Kaiya Cenat connect in Atlanta to talk fashion, creativity, and the story behind VIVET. Only on Instagram.

Ratings & Reviews
4.7
out of 5
30M Ratings
Questionable security and no human being to talk to about it!
12/21/2025
JJLin283

I wouldn’t be writing this review, if I had been capable of talking to actual person! In the middle of the night, while I was asleep, someone succeeded at hacking into one of my Instagram accounts…after only two failed attempts! At the time of the first two attempts, which, again, happened while I was asleep, Instagram sent codes to my phone. On the third attempt, a message was sent to me via WhatsApp, informing me that my account had been accessed. That was just after 2AM. When I discovered these messages, after I woke up, at around 8AM, I clicked on a link that required me to verify whether it was me who had logged in. I, of course, clicked on “This wasn’t me.” Nothing happened! Every time I tried clicking on that option, a message popped up saying, “Something went wrong. Please try again.” It just said that over and over again. I was horrified. I had two Instagram accounts. The one that was hacked into, I simply deleted because I wasn’t using it that much anyway. The big problem is, the account that was hacked into was connected to my other, more important account, as well as my Facebook profile. I wonder what information the hacker stole! Lord knows, they had plenty of time to take whatever they wanted! The most I could do was chat with an AI bot about it! I gave this app two stars, instead of one, only because there is plenty about Instagram that I actually like, but what is it worth to have such a social media account when things like this can happen so easily?!

more
Creative and User-Enhancing Suggestions
07/01/2024
wucls

Dear Instagram Developers, I hope this message finds you well. I am writing to offer a few suggestions that I believe would greatly benefit and enhance the functionality of Instagram. Firstly, I propose the inclusion of a feature that would allow users to add music to their profiles. This addition would undoubtedly add a whole new dimension of creativity and personalization, empowering users to express themselves through their favorite tunes. Secondly, I would like to address a concern regarding the white circle that surrounds the profile photo. In my opinion, this visual element can sometimes disrupt the overall aesthetic and proportion of the photo. I respectfully suggest that the option to remove or customize this circle be made available, allowing users to further curate their profiles in alignment with their personal branding. Last but not least, I would like to express my desire for Instagram to support the option of using GIFs as profile photos. This animated form of self-expression would undoubtedly inject a playful and engaging element into users' profiles, increasing their appeal and individuality. I genuinely believe that these proposals could positively impact the Instagram user experience, fostering increased creativity and allowing for further personalization. I appreciate your time and consideration, and I eagerly look forward to seeing the continued evolution of the platform. Thank you for your attention to these suggestions.

more
My problem
08/21/2023
KylaRay

Instagram is a really good app and I love it but I had a problem recently… Someone made an account pretending to be me they used one my pictures from my page and used my name and middle name as well, at first I thought it was a friend but then I realized it was someone else I reported that account but they didn’t take the account down. I also asked everyone I follow, friends almost everyone on Instagram to report the account which they did and the account was still not taken down! I had people after people after people reporting this account and they still would not take the account down after a while I gave up because I’m not gonna waste my time if you guys aren’t doing anything about it. A couple weeks later I had a message request from that account making a joke about it saying “Hey can you stop pretending to be me!?” And then they said “nah I’m just kidding I don’t wanna be you anymore, here’s the password to this account” and the password to the account actually worked there wasn’t no email or phone number which was odd. I’m glad this person stopped pretending to be me! But that is not the point. That person can be pretending to be someone else as I type this right now and the fact that you guys didn’t do anything to try and help is sickening honestly. Honestly love the app but you guys gotta do better people should not be able to pretend be someone else and then when we ask for you to take there account down you refuse very unhappy with that. Hope this review helped just be careful especially with your children on this app, Thank you.

more
If I could give it zero stars I would
12/19/2019
cryptickaren

I had Instagram in the past and then deleted my old account. I made a new one recently and it has been a total nightmare. Worst app ever. I have to blame the new updates that try to catch, shadow ban, and restrict bot accounts because this app seems to have NO efficient way of telling apart a bot account versus a REAL account. That’s probably why I was blocked from doing so many things like following people, unfollowing people, liking photos, captioning my photos, etc. which makes having a profile on this app completely pointless. Definitely overly measured and overly penalized, when all I did was unfollow like 16 people I DIDN’T want to follow any longer. My personal choice. Why should Instagram feel the need to dictate my account? That is extremely unfair and defeats the purpose of free expression. How is me doing such a simple thing many do harming the community in this app? Makes no sense. If I don’t want to follow multiple people, I should be able to do that because it’s suppose to be MY account, therefore, MY choice. Unless you guys thought I was a bot, which again is a poor examination on YOUR part. Terrible experience. For the further reasons that trying to get this issue fixed seems impossible with such an unapproachable help center/establishment. I’ve reached out MULTIPLE times and you guys haven’t fixed squat. You guys have turned this app into pure TRASH. Thanks a lot. So much for a save community for “everyone”. Fix your system.

more
What’s New

Performance optimizations and stability improvements for a smoother, more reliable experience.

Version 448.0.0
1d ago
App Privacy

The developer, Instagram, Inc., indicated that the app’s privacy practices may include handling of data as described below. For more information, see the developer’s privacy policy .

Data Not Linked to You

The following data may be collected but it is not linked to your identity:

Diagnostics
Usage Data

Privacy practices may vary, for example, based on the features you use or your age. Learn More

Accessibility

The developer has not yet indicated which accessibility features this app supports. Learn More

Information
Seller
Instagram, Inc.
Size
611.2 MB
Category
Photo & Video
Compatibility
Requires iOS 16.3 or later.
Location
This app may use your location even when it isn’t open, which can decrease device battery life.
Languages
English and 38 more
Age Rating
13+
In-App Purchases
Yes
Copyright
© 2018 Instagram, LLC.
Developer Website
Privacy Policy
Supports
Wallet

The simplest way to get all your passes in one place.

More by Instagram, Inc.
View
Threads
Join the conversation
View
Edits: Video Editor
Video maker from Instagram
View
Instants, an Instagram app
Send Disappearing Photos
You Might Also Like
View
Snapchat
Share the moment!
View
YouTube
Videos, Music and Live Streams
View
Google Photos: Backup & Edit
Smart Photo and Video Storage
View
CapCut: Photo & Video Editor
Video maker with music
View
Picsart AI Photo Editor, Video
Retouch, Video, Collage Maker
View
InShot - Video Editor
Photo, Collage & Video Maker
View
VSCO: Photo & Video Editor
Photography Filters & Presets
View
Cymera・Photo Cam Beauty Editor
Selfie Camera Filters, Effects
View
Twitch: Live Streaming
Stream, Watch, Chat. Live.
View
B612 AI Photo&Video Editor
Camera & Photo/Video Editor
United States
Español (México)
العربية
Русский
简体中文
Français (France)
한국어
Português (Brazil)
Tiếng Việt
繁體中文 (台灣)

Copyright © 2026 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.

Internet Service Terms
App Store & Privacy
Cookie Warning
Support